I say you're pretty. You probably have a radiant smile! Forget that guy. He passed on a good looking girl!
Oh come off it, you're not ugly.
I’m sorry you feel that way - you deserve to be confident and to feel loved. The kind of validation you’re looking for can’t come from people like that guy or the past flings; you need to love yourself and to know for yourself that you are worth so much. You can’t judge yourself by what you have to offer others - offer it all to yourself first. You deserve to love yourself, and it’s difficult sometimes, but that’s ok. Relationships always take work, especially our relationships with ourselves
I’m really sorry to hear you’re feeling this way, rejection from anyone hurts deeply. This guy was a fool. A druggie and someone who doesn’t care about people’s feelings isn’t the type of person who deserves your time or attention, they certainly don’t deserve enough importance to make you feel bad about yourself. I think you look beautiful and would love to see a smile on your gorgeous face. I went through a rough couple of years myself and I know how hard it can be when you aren’t felling good about yourself. Hopefully with a bit of space and time you will see that, and come to appreciate the beautiful person you are. It’s hard to see when it’s raining but there’s sunshine on the horizon
I say you're pretty. You probably have a radiant smile! Forget that guy. He passed on a good looking girl!
Oh come off it, you're not ugly.
I’m sorry you feel that way - you deserve to be confident and to feel loved. The kind of validation you’re looking for can’t come from people like that guy or the past flings; you need to love yourself and to know for yourself that you are worth so much. You can’t judge yourself by what you have to offer others - offer it all to yourself first. You deserve to love yourself, and it’s difficult sometimes, but that’s ok. Relationships always take work, especially our relationships with ourselves
That's really sad to hear. You body isn't ugly, only your thoughts. No amount of validation from strangers on the internet will change how you feel about yourself. No amount of partners either...You need to change your thought patterns. Thoughts aren't facts they are just thoughts
I’m really sorry to hear you’re feeling this way, rejection from anyone hurts deeply. This guy was a fool. A druggie and someone who doesn’t care about people’s feelings isn’t the type of person who deserves your time or attention, they certainly don’t deserve enough importance to make you feel bad about yourself. I think you look beautiful and would love to see a smile on your gorgeous face. I went through a rough couple of years myself and I know how hard it can be when you aren’t felling good about yourself. Hopefully with a bit of space and time you will see that, and come to appreciate the beautiful person you are. It’s hard to see when it’s raining but there’s sunshine on the horizon
Beautifuuuuuuuuuul curly hair
You’re a natural beauty! With beautiful eyes, hair, and complexion

You have big things coming your way! I just feel it
I like your eyebrows!
You'd be the person I leave my "friend's" birthday for because you're cooler!
First of all, your “friends” are dicks. And second of all, that is so incredibly brave of you! You can do it. Keep going, stay strong. I believe in you.
You’re so beautiful! You have a gorgeous smile!!

I’m really sorry to hear about your friend—I am. Surround yourself positivity and positive people. I can’t imagine what you’re going through right now 

Have you heard of a happy light? They have the same rays that the sun gives off. A lot of people who live in colder climates use them. They have beneficial affects, both physically (with some chronic illness) and emotionally
My son has Crohn’s disease. Despite of this illness he has this quality that just draws people to him. You have that same look, like you could make friends effortlessly. I think you will be fine if you just hang in there. I believe you can and will get past this time and have the life you deserve.
You are such a natural beauty wow
Stay strong, one day at the time! xx
Your eyes and smile are wonderful!

Dealing with the loss of a friend is hard. Just remember to feel what you feel and be true to your emotions. Take care of yourself and don't be afraid to lean on others!
Thank you so much! 

I've never hurt so much as the pain of this grief. 

I can't expose myself to excess sunlight it similar as my meds make me susceptible to sunburn.. :(
Thank you - I have rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia and struggle with chronic fatigue as well. I am pretty introverted so making friends is hard, but I do have some good friends. 
Thank you for your kind words.
Thank you. 

I just hate feeling like an emotional wreck, and I'm scared of getting hurt by friends again... 

I am trying really hard to take care of myself. It's exhausting though
(Verification is on the second photo of the link)
I love the green eyes and dark hair! Dating can be hard. Just remember that you deserve to be uncompromising happy in a relationship!
I'm honestly having trouble figuring out who's cuter.
Aww you have such a nice smile and an adorable kitten !
Your brows!! Eyes! Nose! Smile! You two are beyond adorable
You rule! You got this! Keep up the good work. Maybe it is time for you to toast people around here!
Congratulations. Never give up! I am happy for you and hope you can continue to grow. :)
You are awesome. Some would give up, but you're still fighting and look where you are now.

I'm so happy for you!

Cheers.
Happy to read such good news!!! The smile says it all.
Congratulations!!  Keep the energy you have right now alive and you will continue to be a winner!  Soon you can buy your own car and tell mom and dad that they can keep the old one ‘cause you standing on your own now!  Please keep us updated on your progress!  Prayers will continue for you.  Have a blessed evening.
Congrats, we're so proud of you!! I hope that things continue to go splendiferously for you :) 
(p.s. I am in love with your hair!)
Keep it up buddy! I hope everything is going well! Just keep grinding and you will get there!
You're on the up and up, my friend. Things are only going to get better from here as you regain your control and independence. Some day you'll look back on these times in the rear view and remind yourself how strong you are to keep moving forward. Tell future you I said hello. :)
It's really nice to hear that things can change for someone.
Thanks for sharing your story! Keep up the awesome work:)!
so happy for you! :) i love your hair!
That’s awesome! Keep up the good work.
You did it all by yourself kid! We just gave the encouragement :)
Great job! Keep it up!!! So proud of you!
Congratulations! You’re very strong and we’re all very proud of you and all you’ve accomplished in the face of adversity. Live long and prosper!
Your smile makes me so happy. It reminds me of a time in my life that was similar. It is a wonderful smile, like you are remembering how good life can be. Many blessings and moon spirits!
Your hair looks amazing with your glasses.
Congratulations.  You got this.  Praying for you.
I love the hair and glasses! Keep the positive attitude and the upward trajectory. Success is coming your way!
Fuck yeah! Grind to Shine Homie!
I love your hair !
Poverty has revolving doors. Just because you are poor doesn’t mean you will stay poor. You just need the will to push the door.
R/toastme seems so wholesome and cutsie.
#WHOLESOME
Congratulations !!!!! I’m so happy for you!!!
Dude. Way to step up, you’ve truly come along way. It’s great to hear you’re doing well! Keep giving it your all. You have a great smile, don’t let the world stop you from smiling and being happy.
You look so happy and friendly with a beautiful smile. I hope you have a great day!
Your smile is absolutely  beautiful
I totally love your style!
Thanks! I hope you have a great one as well!
Thank you!!!
I might not know or understand your situation, but the fact that you were mature enough to make a decision like that in order to benefit you both shows that you are an intelligent individual to me. I truly hope you feel better and are strong enough to tackle your problems.
life might suck for a while and that's perfectly okay. if you have insecurities in a relationship in the first place it probably just wasn't meant to be.  i hope that you go forward into life finding someone that will really appreciate you as a whole. 
if you are having insecurities about your appearance or something just know that you're really heckin' attractive.
You’re lowkey hot damnn
Self-esteem is hard. It's cliche, but they say you have to love yourself before you love someone else. Keep working on things to show yourself you're an awesome, mature person and things will start to turn around eventually!
Thank you, that really means a lot. I knew it was too broken to fix and I had to start off fresh and work on myself
Well I think that everyone gets insecurities in their relationship. It just matters if you act on them or not. The problem was is that I acted on them.
perhaps. you just deserve to feel loved
She made me feel loved for the first two months I told her that I have self esteem issues and she made me feel so amazing. Then she all of the sudden stopped being affectionate, I didn’t know what to do and I would always stress out.
that's sounds pretty rough. did like she ever tell you anything about her being less affectionate or was it just one day she stopped?
Yeah it was just all of the sudden. At first she said she was down to do anything. And then one day she said she doesn’t like doing anything intimate
maybe she was overwhelmed? i dunno much about this kind of stuff but if breaking up with her truly makes you feel like you could have another opportunity to feel loved by someone else, then it probably was the best thing to do.
Yeah there were lots of reason why the relationship just wouldn’t have worked out. I know what I have to work on to have healthier relationships in the future, and everyone kept on telling me that I deserved better while we were dating
yeah sometimes it just takes a little while for people to realize the truth i guess. especially when you're in a relationship that used to seem really nice but got colder as it progressed. hopefully you'll find someone perfect for you one day
Hey congrats on being pregnant. As a Male, I'm told that its rough.

As Jane the virgin said "A moment of pain for a lifetime of joy"

You can do it
Your hair is so pretty!
I've been there! Pregnancy is so hard physically and mentally. You look beautiful and radiant! You're gonna be a great mama.
Congrats! You do have that momma glow.
Your post spoke to me because I'm going thru the same thing right now. Your ability to put into words what I couldn't necessarily explain is something to be proud of! 

Thank you for posting, mama! And congratulations!
You just look like you are going to be a wonderful mom. Your child is going to be so loved, and so spoiled, and is going to have a wonderful, happy life.
Your hair is fucking flawless and you have a pretty smile. Congrats on the pregnancy
Been there. Our son is 20. While you’re so happy to be bringing a life into the world, the physical and hormonal changes are difficult. The truth is, it doesn’t end with pregnancy. Raising a kid and doing it well is hard, but the reward...you cannot even put it into words. Know that you look so beautiful! Your life is about to be so full of joy. Congrats and take good care.
You are strong and can get through this, I believe in you. You care so much for others, that is nothing to be ashamed of.
You can do this! You deserve so much more than heartbreak. 

Also you're seriously drop dead gorgeous!
You have fabulous hair! Good luck with getting into Temple University! I love the late ninties plaid and the rock t-shirt. You look soulful and poetic like you enjoy scribbling in notebooks and daydreaming. There is an unmistakable air of an old soul about you. You may never feel like you fit in, but you still have an important place in the world. You seem like the type who will listen more than speak and is probably observant. The world needs thoughtful, insightful people, because they are the one who can see clearly.
Your hair is far more silky and healthy looking than mine! Kudos to you! Also, I like your glasses!! Good luck at university!
Hey boi you seem really dank and fucking with it! You wanna know why? It's cos you're your own person! You don't need this dude in your life, there's better out there (cos you deserve it for all the cool shit you have around ya!) Here's the way I see it, all of this will pass and you'll find the dankest dude of them all, with a cool ass cat included (personally I prefer shiba dogs). But before all of that happens you gotta treat yourself boi! Eat a pizza, chill out to some chilled out music, watch some Brooklyn 99, go out with yer mates and other stuff. Basically just live your life and enjoy cos one day you'll forget about all of this and be with a real hotboi and a dank ass cat!

Either way, you look awesome and seem to kick a lot of ass! If I was stuck in a room with a hungry bear i'd totally get either you or Keanu Reeves to help!
The fact that you’re more heartbroken about his cat than him shows how much better you are than him. You’re doing great!
You look sooo sad and heartbroken and I am sending you one million cuddles.
This happened to me a year ago. It was so very hard. You seem tough. Tougher than me. And if I could do it, so will you. It will get easier everyday especially if you at least TRY to smile. I’m not saying to will yourself to be happy, but look in the mirror and just TRY to smile at yourself. Yea, you’re pretty damn cute aren’t you? You’ll be getting over his dumb ass in no time. And he’ll see you and wonder if he made the right choice. But you’ll know you made the right choice in getting over him. You’ll be okay, OP.
Hi sending you one million cuddles., I'm dad.
Also, nice nails!
You look like a very nice person and you like cats. We can be friends.
Omg your skin is so gorgeous!! I'd literally PAY good money to have lips like yours and I love your hair.  And,  for what it is worth your abandonment issues are NOT annoying,  it's a serious issue and I'm proud of you for being here and continuing everyday,  I hope things start looking up for you.
I can see a lot of kindness in your eyes. I have no doubt that 1) there will be struggles for you to overcome and 2) you will able to do it. 

Can I recommend some music to both help recognize the beauty in the world and the strength you have inside? Ani Defranco.
Id swipe right
If I was to pick someone to help me through, well, life in general I'd totally choose either you or fuckin Bob Ross. Why? It's cos you look fucking awesome as all fuck, that's why!!! Hey one day this will be over cos you'll make it get better cos of how breathtaking you are. Truly one of the best out there, have a high five and a hug from ya boi!
Thank you and cats are the best omg
Thank you so much! That means a lot!!! I really hope things do, you're so kind to say that. I hope everything is going well for you!
I'll give her a listen! Thank you for saying that, I really needed it. I hope I can be able to complete both those points.
Thank you so much! And I get the elf comment a lot lol! I'm proud of it, honestly. Also your cats are adorable!!!! I loved all the pictures of them, they seem so cute! I hope you're right though, I really want to be fine in my future career and my life.
You're right! I have sent a lot of love out in the world, I just wish I could receive some of it back in real life. Thank you for your comment though!
Thanks! :)
Thank you for this, this means a lot to see. And thanks about the glasses! I'm just really blind and can't see without them. Having a mental illness really is hard though, especially when it comes to friends, but thanks for having faith in me! I won't try to be so hard on myself from now on.
They really are. They've kept me going through some tough times.
It will collect up and eventually come back to you multiplied! Stay strong.
Welcome bro, if you need any help/advice just hit ya boi up! Remember that any stranger you see is really just a friend you still haven't met!
I’ve struggled with it too, most of my life. ADHD and BiPolar II. Most of it off meds. My suggestion, keep trying meds that work for you! And find support from other like minded people. Stay away from excessive drugs and alcohol, or abstain altogether. You can do it!
Same here, even though my cat is more isolated than my past ones, he is still there for me when I really do need him.
I will, thank you!
You're right about that! I'll keep that in mind, thank you so much!
I will try to! You do so as well and keep going on your meds as well! You're doing great so far and all you have to do is keep going.
They're always around. They do their own thing but check in to see what you're up to.
That is true! I always find my kitties checking up on me no matter where I am
Get out there! You’re young and handsome. Get it!

It stay home and do exactly what you want. There’s a lot of healing in that, too.
Bro you look good af...sleep well!
Nothing nothing nothing wrong with that face! Bright eyes!

There’s reasons to stay at home (movie watching? Games playing? Saving some cash? Etc) but the hair not everyone has and a face that’s easy on the eye shouldn’t be one of them.
Bro you like like an absolute stud. Just look at that jawline! And those eyes. They make you look thoughtful and percevering.
Lmao insecure about hair? I’m actually have a really BIG thing for gingers like y’all are all so hot damn
Well done!! You have set yourself up so fantabulously that you seem to be an unstoppable force of nature. Carry on that way!
You remind me of a Gustav Klimt model. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday and well done for all your accomplishments recently! Have an amazing year! X
Happy birthday! Congrats! Keep it up!
Awesome! Good for you on the not smoking and starting back at the gym! Can’t enjoy that profession if you’re not healthy, congrats to you. Cheers to you !
Happy birthday! Cheers to happiness and entering your prime! The rest of your life will be the best of your life!
Happy Birthday and may you be blessed with health, happiness, and prosperity throughout all of your birthdays yet to come. Take good care. Xo
That's how it's done.  Good job!
Congratulations for taking so many great steps forward in your life!! I don't know you but I'm proud!!! Happy birthday, I hope you have an amazing one!
Between your title and your smile, it’s very evident you are in a path you enjoy! Good luck.
Your eyecolor, skincolor and haircolor are really complimenting each other! All in all; you look great! And your smile is gorgeous
Thank you! I feel great!
Thank you!
Thank you so much. I feel on it!
Thank you so much; I’m excited about what the future holds for me!
Thank you so much!
Thank you very much!
Thank you! He is definitely happy!
Thanks so much!
Thank you very much!
A few years from now people will know you for your strength and wonder where it all came from. You're not your mum and you're better for that. 205 miles is as close as you got to a mistake. If friends dont stick around when the chips are down then their not worth calling friends anyway. Any boy who turns you down is exactly that...a boy. Only thing to do in this hole you're in is keep your chin up, high enough  so you can see the way out.
Well, JJ, a story with a long journey, a failure by an ex and attempted infanticide is definitely one where the hero of the story needs a toast!

Listen pal (or read, whatever's clever), you got a shit load going on and no joke. I saw your post to r/raised by narcissists and it looks like you have been through the mill for a long time. Don't let her or the depression put you on the back foot any more. Keep going. Be the strong positive force that has been lacking for you. You will come out the other end of it and you will live your life your way.

Best of luck
Sometimes life makes brutal changes, life course corrections. Nothing feels familiar, none of our plans come to fruition. It gets better. You will find your community, you will be loved and supported. Just not yet. Keep being authentically you. I wish I lived closer, I'd take you shopping.
op, you cant change the way you feel but you can always change the way you react. 

i dont expect you to master this for weeks or months, but consider it very very seriously
You look like Keanu Reeves. There’s no better look than being like Keanu Reeves
No YOU’RE breathtaking!
Your face is so beautiful, and those glasses match it perfectly!
Awesome beard, hair and specs dude. You look like a pretty rad guy! X
Great hair :) chin up!
Your sir look like a composite of Jesus and John Lennon.  Something tells me that like Jesus you generously donate your time and effort to others without expectation of repayment, and like Lennon you're a wonderfully gifted musician whose music inspires others make the world a better place.  You're a wonderful man who touches other people's lives more profoundly than you will ever know.
You have beautiful hair. :D
You look like Keanu Snow
A mixture of Keanu Reeves and Kit Harrington, and thats awesome
My dude you look amazing, the beard, the hair and those glasses! You look like me if I had some expert level photoshop done on me. You look like the love child of fucking God and Keanu Reeves. You wanna know what that's gonna lead to? You absolutely bossing life and those exams!

Remember boi, you're not the boss. You're the Big Boss.
You have a certain quality about you that just really shines. A real presence.  Go show those exams who's boss.
Keanu Reeves. Someone else said this is the comments but I wanted to say it.
You are FINE! Whew!
I came here to say this!!!
Gotta agree with the Keanu Reeves/Kit Harrington combo, with maybe a little Adam Driver thrown in there. This photo has me questioning my sexuality like never before
I'm gonna need to see a photo without a filter. The filter on this one makes you look too good.
You don't have a filter on? If you don't, you have better skin than I do. You also have really beautiful eyes.
You look like Captain America's brother
I love your eyes!
But you have a great face!
You are utterly gorgeous - absolutely no right to question it! :)
You look great, beautiful eyes!
Looking good!
I think you’re quite the handsome dude!
You look incredibly handsome dude, incredible eyes, great beard, and good colored shirt.
Bro you look good and you got that beard
My dude what is this filter you're using, it's breathtaking.

In all seriousness you look D A N K af, that's like a good thing.
Remember to strut your stuff whenever you're out cos you're fucking handsome af. 

Hey is this Mr Handsome I'm speaking, first initials I.M?
Looking good my man
You’re a cutie!
it's a great picture and you look young
You're so fuckin attractive.
You look cool might wanna shave your beard and mustache, being honest
Thank you but I did take like 20 pictures before I felt comfortable too so it’s basically cheating.
Well damn your comment alone just gave me a lifetime worth of self-confidence. Thank you!
Nah it makes him look really hot
I feel that. It’s okay! You’re a good looking guy.
well, at least you have a skull for baldness. no odd lumps/scars or shapes. 10/10 baldness will suit you
You have kind eyes and the shaved head looks awesome. You made a great decision!!
Another bald buddy. Welcome to the club. Sunscreen and remember it’s better than the horseshoe look. I’ve had mine bald about 4 years now.
Didn't know you with hair so you look normal to me. It's a good look.
Good call.
I started balding at 20. Full horseshoe at 30. 

I shave. I look 10 years younger when I do

You look good
You all are super generous with your compliments, thank you for putting my mind at rest about a pretty large decision :) Gonna give it a test run this week and keep growing the beard out. [Here is a pic](https://imgur.com/46YoIF5) of the longest my beard has ever been, hopefully it will contrast well with my new, barren dome.
Looks good man, you can pull it off without question.
You look like a better looking Sean Evans!
Looks like it suits you well! Don’t even worry about it; I’m sure anyone you meet out on the street will say as much as the rest of us.
That bald-head-tight-beard look is hot AF!
You look like a total badass now. (A friendly one, though.) Really good choice. That's awesome: you took something away but you ended up getting more in the process! Congratulations--you just proved math wrong!
You're a babe
Great choice! You really rock the shaved look! My husband had an early receding hair line and he went ahead and shaved too.
As someone who is terrified of bald men due to my abusive ex-father essentially looking like Mr. Clean...

You are the first bald guy I’ve seen that doesn’t make me feel scared or have a “punch and flee” impulse.

That’s how good you look. You beat my PTSD lol.
Wipe that skeptical look off your face, OP, you look awesome!

You kinda remind me of Sean Evans.
Bald guys have always been attractive to me. Confirmed I still like bald guys today.
You have a really nicely shaped head, I think you look good bald!
I’d hit it :) lol
You look great! Bald suits you and the beard is a good length. Also, really nice eyes :)
Your still a goodlooking dude. The hair doesn't change your facial structure, it still looks good
Dude you looking fine as hell. Keep it up
You look gorgeous
Such a good decision! You have a very nicely shaped head and no hair suits you. You’re very handsome.
You look super handsome, it's a great look on you!
You look good!
You got this! And bonus points because you look like a Madden
You look great my man.
Looking good.
You look great, man!
I'd say it's for a good cause
That looks REALLY good!! You’re a handsome man.
You look like a mix between Phil Collins and Shaun Evans from hot ones.
Shaved head and beard is always an excellent choice. You look great!
I think you look great!
Lad you look good bald dw about it
Looks great! Especially with the beard. You're definitely rocking bald!
You look badass, my dude! Congrats on the new look!
Hey boy, heyyyy! Looking good!
Welcome to the club!

I went bald at 22 (almost 20 years ago) and I love the simplicity of having a shaved head. 

You will save a ton of money on hair care and hair cuts, and gain time every morning when you don’t have to do a damn thing with it!! Roll out of bed, brush your teeth, and go!

Bathe at night? No problem! Never worry about “bed head” again! 

“Hat hair” is a thing of the past! 

Own it, brother. Your head is a good shape
I probably would’ve flirted with you before you shaved your head, but now that you’re bald you’d definitely know I flirting with you.
I think this was just a good decision! You have a face that draws attention to it and having no hair kind of makes your face more noticeable in a nice way :) definitely a good look!
Dude, you have a perfect head. Great for a big shave. You should have done that a long time ago you are rocking it. Also, love the colour of the beard.
Naw youre one of the good baldies, young, "dishwater blond" almost scandinavian. It's a tough look belying probably an inwardly sensitive fellow - exactly what a special lady is looking for ;) cheers mate
You’ve made the right choice, because damn you’re fine like a parking ticket! Also you look like a wholesome genuine person. 10/10 would cheers with.
No, definitely would swipe right.
You're super handsome with very pretty/welcoming eyes and solid facial hair, I think bald looks great on you!! If I saw you at a bar I'd definitely go up to you intending to hit on you and then walk away at the last second out of shyness lol
Embrace your genes whatever they may be. Self love inside and out is the greatest measure of happiness in life. It looks good!
It looks so good!! Like you chose to go bald, not had to, y’know?
Bro I feel you in so many levels. My father still has hair with almost 60, my uncle lost his before 30. I'm 20 atm and my family says I'm in my uncle's road. I have little to no doubt that I will be bald too so I shaved my head last summer and it was extremely comfy and it did fit. The important thing about being bald is having a nice skull form and yours is beautiful I tell you. If you keep it that way you'll love it in no time and will want to stay like that!

PD: Love your beard and it'll be so cool if you let it grow.
The love of my life started losing his in his early 20s. When he shaved it off I swear he became 100 times sexier! Every night I kiss the back of his head and wonder why girls like hair on a mans head? No hair means more kissing space. 
Plain and simple bald is damnnnnn fine! 
Can’t roast you for doing something that’s already HOT.
looks good on you! mate, chicks don't dislike bald dudes as much as people think they do :)
A great many people have shaved skulls despite not having the skull for it.

This is not a problem you have. It looks good.

Never forget: Jason Statham is bald, and Ed Sheeran is not.
You're not fooling us, Seth Everman.
You are the visual manifestation of a fresh can of sprite. So crisp it hurts. Eye's looking kind as fuck.
Lookin good dude!
I've thought of doing the same, but I don't think I'll ever achieve this level of sharpness. You're very handsome my man.
Bald looks good on you
Yeah, man. Looks great on you! Good on you for getting ahead of it :)
Who cares, you look good
Looks cute on you though.
the real story is that you trained so hard that your hair fell out. Try not to accidentally punch somebody Saitama.
Woah it looks good on you! It really suits you! Now that i look at you bald, it’d feel weird to see you with hair!
Nah man. You look GREAT
Zero hair suits you like Jason Statham
Looks good mate suits you with your beard!
Looking goid bro. Hoelnestly you pull it off
Dude I'm gonna be honest... this looks really good on you
Saitama and the rock
Both bald
Sacrificed their hair for power
Honestly I think the bald head fits the shape of your face better than hair would. You look like the cool history teacher now
I think it looks good
That's an amazing beard. I wish I had one like that.
Also, amazing eyes!

There are far grander things in life than hair.

Right now it seems like a big deal. In time you will dismiss it like anything else.

All the best,
Nothing to worry about at all! It looks great and really suits you!
Looks good!
You are rocking it. You've got the perfect face shape and facial hair combo to pull off the bald look my friend !
Me too! Once it got so that you could see my scalp through my hair, I just shaved it all off. I was nervous at first, but you get used to it. Also, luckily, it looks like you have a good-shaped head for it. Invest in a shit ton of hats though!
The bald look is good on you! Not everyone can rock that. Very stone cold Steve Austin
You look really good! I mean it!
You look really good! Your eyes are lovely
Rocking it! Meow!
It suits you.
Looks cool to me
Grow a bigger beard. Instant badass.
Dude it looks TOIT. Nice round head. Smart of you to kick it in the face before it happens.
nothing sexier than a bald man with a beard
Nah, just let the beard grow out and you're golden.
You look great, man. Went newly bald myself a while back. It feels weird at first, but once you get used to it you’ll realize it looks and feels great!!
Remember to put sunscreen on your head! A lot of older men get melanomas on their head if they are bald and don’t apply sunscreen
You look fine, quite handsome in fact. Do get a hat or wear sunscreen when outside though, the men in my family are folically challenged and burnt heads are a nightmare for them.
Are you kidding? You look amazing! Your head has such a pretty shape and it probably highlights your eyes because they look beautiful!!
Best decision you could make
I normally hate baldness but truthfully you look good! You have a really nice face in general and I think it helps it stand out more. Good choice
Looking great! Embrace the baldness! I have good hair but was concerned that I’d have the “ gargamel “ hair gene where the top fades away and the sides keep growing... so I decided to shave it when I was 17 to get ahead of it. Years later I’ve stayed bald and enjoy the routine.
You look awesome.
You're very attractive. I like the look. You also have a cute little smile in this pic. You got ahead of it perfectly. And your head has a nice shape too.
Very sexy!
before I read the title I just looked at you and thought "damn this guy looks good as hell why does he want to be toasted?"
You shouldn’t worry about balding, cause quite frankly you pull it off really well. You have the perfect face/head shape for it.
It suits you. Now take good care of your skin and watch as all your friends start aging and you remain untouched by the sands of time.
I promise, there’s a healthy contingent of ladies out there who love this look, myself included! 

It is much, much sexier for a man to own his baldness and wear it this way, than to try to hide it or stave it off.

Definitely the right choice, and you look great. Own it!
Bald doesn't suit everybody, but it definitely suits you. Not to mention it makes the hair that is on your face stand out in a really nice way.
I envy you, my family is quite "hair challenged" too, but my ears are huge, I'll horrendous when I get bald.
Sparkling.... You were born to be the bald.
You make it look so natural and you are killing this new look 10/10
I think it looks sexy.
Bro you look dope. I respect young balds a ton cause that’s someone putting it all out there. I actually think it looks cool on young guys, and you pull it off 100%.
You honesty look like Sean from Hot Ones and he’s a great, successful guy. You’ll probably follow suit.
Dude, looks good.  Run with it
I love bald men.
The look really fits you. Definitely a fine decision!
A:  you don't look old enough for a midlife crisis :)

B:  the baldness suits you.
Looks great
it suits you, you look good dude
Bruh you look like you’d make a good badass action movie actor
Looks great. I actually have a couple friends who prefer bald men with beards who are fit. It works for you!
I'm in a similar boat and I can tell you that it will grow on you (no pun intended;p)! Daily maintenance is quicker and easier and you'll never have bad hair from a hat or in the morning again! You've got a nice ratio of scruff and it gives you an air of confidence :) Dapper-looking indeed, good sir, fret not!
Someone hit the lottery, you look great bald man! Very good looking
“It’s the show with hot questions and even hotter wings”
You look really good! And your head is so perfectly round it's satisfying. And you have gorgeous eyes. I would totally date you!
You look like you are ready to eat hot wings and ask even hotter questions.
Looks sharp. I tried the bald thing once and I looked like Gru from Despicable Me. It suits you perfectly fine.
My man you are looking clean as hell with that shave and beard. My dad's side has problems with hair as well and you are what I aspire to look like when the time comes.
Two front page posts on two different subs and one same person! 
I think reddit approves of your decision.
You can pull off the shaved look like nobody’s business.
Anyone else think he looks like Corey Stoll? Like a dead ringer?
Love it!
Looks fantastic! You're very handsome :D
Looks great!
You can definitely Rock it
I feel bad judging them, but whenever I see a young balding man I’m always desperate to tell them to just make the chop. Idk if you were balding but this is a good call man
Haaaaaandsome!!
You look great!
Nah man, you look good! Not everyone can pull off the bald look, but you’re doing great. In my opinion, if a guy is starting to get some male pattern baldness, he may as well just fully commit and shave because it looks better. Plus you’ve got the short and trim beard, so it kinda balances out.
One of the best moves you’ll ever make.

Whal balding clipper is a must. You’re eventually going to get a little lazy and let your hair grow out. That things is super nice. It’ll get you pretty close to skin bald, but makes shaving with a razor a lot easier. Lot less likely to miss a patch which is a horrible discovery when you’ve already left your house.
This suits you so well. Very attractive and love your eyes
You look like Sean Evans from Hot Ones but with prettier eyes.
You rock the bald look! I think if you grew your facial hair out a bit it would enhance the look further. Bald plus beard is sexy
Good choice
I have a shaved head and a beard. The combo works on some people and it looks good on ya my friend.
It looks good on you! The rest of your facial hair makes it look more like an intentional decision, so own it!
It looks pretty damn cool with the beard, can’t cap
It looks good!!
Very hot
You’re very bald but you’ve got big balls. My hair is my only insecurity. It’s not that bad but I would never shave it until I have to, and I take finasteride and it works hella good
Gd up from the feet up my man, looks great!
This is good! 
Rock it with confidence
It is working for you. Super cute.
Holy smokes. If you’re hot bald, were you scorching with hair?
You're pulling it off and anyone who doesn't notice your eyes first is blind! Your smile looks confident and it makes you look very approachable.
OMG it’s the HOT ONES host!
Yes
Just shaved my head yesterday too. It is growing on me. Your beard complement your shaved head well!
Nah dude, bald is super hot on you.
You look great. Nice job!!
Bro, sometimes a look change can be devastating, but only because you were used to the former one. So, from a guy that never saw you before, you look very good with this look.
You have beautiful eye & your little grin is so cute. You are super handsome! The shaved head was a good call!
Looks great mate!
You still look very attractive
You look great bald! I actually think it's ruggedly sexy, you know? Especially with your stubble. You've got the right head shape for it. 10/10 would scalp massage you all day! Rock it my man!
Excellent decision, my dude! Just think long term about all the money you'll save not buying hair products.
You look great.
I started shaving my head for the same reason and once your scalp adjusts (it will be less sensitive and almost leather like) it’s the most amazing thing ever.
You actually look really good with a shaved head. Even guys who are balding and have a buzz cut generally look really good. I think guys think women care a lot about guys who have thinning hair when in reality for most of us, as long as you keep your hair buzzed and don't attempt a comb over type thing, it really doesn't matter.
Ok so this may have been commented loads of times already (i dont have time to read them right now) but to be honest the bald looks really fits you. Like i couldnt imagine you with hair so once everyone around you gets used to it they will like it. And id all else fails people on reddit like it. No but seriously it looks good :)
You're handsome AF !
I thought this before I read the caption.
It looks great on you
It looks good dude!
I thought this was a picture of Sean Evans.
I can never shave my head because I am almost certain. I e got a lumpy potato head. You look great bald!
I mean granted I don’t know u with hair but I think you look great without hair
Thicken up that beard and you'll look top notch my friend, my brother started thinning before he turned 21, so he said fuck it and shaved it all off, grew out his beard a bit so it was thicker, and he honestly looks better than when he had hair.
You got the Sean Evans thing going on man, you got nothing to worry about.
You pull off bald so excellently! Whether you can or do grow your hair back or not, it's all you. Hair or not, it's a good look for you, man\~!
You've got a good head shape for it, no lumpy bits like some people (read: mine), and the facial hair compliments it well.
You look great! Bald is beautiful.
You kinda look like that YouTube hot wing guy maybe try starting a YouTube channel
You look great!
I’d let you sit on my motorcycle for sure!
Looks good just try to bury the hatchet with Ant-Man, ok?
Looking good to me my man! I hope if I go bald I'm even a fraction of your attractiveness
It's actually cute!
Man that totally works on you, bald and the beard looks great with the shaved head :D
At first I thought this was in r/RoastMe and I couldn't think of anything of the top of my head so I gave up... Only when I went to scroll away I saw the word "unsure" and double checked the sub.
You know I'm a straight dude.

You're hot ngl, looks good on you
Sexy evil genius
In the same boat and I've been contemplating the same choice, I hope I pull it off half as well as you (Also seems like we're of the same "If I can't grow it on my head I'm growing it on my face" mindset)
You know how some people prefer blondes or brunettes etc? I, and I’m sure many other women have a thing for a shaved head - you suit it really well, good choice!
I just shaved my head yesterday for charity. It feels awesome and you look great! Keep rocking it
Dude you rock it
You look great bald! Very sexy
You look badass bald! Suits you so well!!
Super cute. Just add a big smile.
HOT
you  look pretty damn good!
Few people can look good without hair, congrats
I am beard-challenged, at least you can do something about it haha
Looks good my dude.
The bald look suits you well, great head shape and face for it
It suits you dude!
Nah, you look breathtaking. I may be biased because I've never seen you with hair, but I can guarantee that you look pretty good.
Looks great on you buddy! Greetings from Egypt!
Dude, own this! I think you pull it off, which not everyone can.

Someone out there finds your look very sexy!
You look like you eat progressively hotter chicken wings while interviewing people.
Dude you look awesome. When I sae the picture I would have never expected for you to worry about the bald head. You rock that look!
Straight married bro here

You look fucking handsome bro

You gonna make them wanna feel that head

And that was intentional
If it makes you feel any better, you look great! My brother did the same thing when he started balding and now he rocks the bald look. One of the good things about having a pleasing head shape.
Nah man that looks good on you
Gonna be honest here, you look like a badass. The bald head suits you!
Pulling. It. Off.
Your head shape looks good for baldness. You remind me of the host from First we Feast, which means you’re rocking it!
You look great! Good on you for owning it and it really does suit you.
I think you're pretty hot
You have the PERFECT head shape for this. You look amazing, and I am not even saying this because you posted it on this sub.
You look like Sean Evans and he is a stud, so you are a stud!
Not a lot of people can pull off being hair challenged, but you sir look amazing with it!
Honestly it's a good look. I'd say the beard will be better in a week or two and you'll get a lot more comfy with it! Plus no embarrassing hair thinning photos ever!
This is a good look on you!
Dude! You rock this look hardcore! You’re a real cutie. Bald heads can look really, really great on some guys. You’re absolutely one of them! And that beard is killer. 10/10 would stumble over myself trying to hit on you.
Damn dude, you're super cute! Rock that look!
Smart move. Very much in style. Your great features more than carry you. And keep the beard for balance. 
Your pookey smile is a charmer.
I'm a little late to the party I see, but I agree, it suits you well.

&#x200B;

I've been shaving my head for the past 10 years (26-36) and I haven't regretted it since.  I've loved every minute of it, and completely forget what I would look like with (male pattern baldness) hair.   It's cheap to maintain, feels great, and with a skull that complies (which you clearly have) it's a no brainer for life.    

&#x200B;

Good luck, my man!
I'm going to be very blunt here....you look hot. I dont know what your hair was before but this looks great and fits you
I know what ou are talking about, I have been there. I too balded my head this summer and yet they would not shut up, so I stopped talking to everyone for a few days and thet all apologized. I say always be happy in your decisions because you cant change whats happened. Secon of all, ou look effing great.
Mate you look rad as fuck! I hope if I do the same I look like that!
Dude it looks great! The beard goes great with it and you've got a good facial structure for it. BEAUTIFUL!
It looks so good!
You look like the dude from Hot Ones!
If you grow out your beard, you'll look like a viking! you've got the perfect face shape!!!
It looks badassery man
Women often find bald men more sexually attractive because baldness is a possible sign of greater testosterone levels and therefore an indication of increased virility.
You are rockin’ it! Honestly, you’re pretty hot.
It definitely suits you!
I think you’re handsome.  Would definitely hit on you at a bar.
Don't worry, you're not alone! I'm 19 and balding so I also shaved my head! It's not that bad, here are a few pros:

* Save money on shampoo and conditioner

* your beard looks bigger

* people think you're wiser

* you can start wearing hats with confidence (bald people can really rock a good hat I think)

* you can make jokes about being bald at a young age to people with hair and make them slightly uncomfortable because they don't really know what to say to that

It's pretty great. Also you have a really good head for being bald. Flaunt it!
My guy you’ve got the ideal head to rock that look, many would be jealous
Actually you can pull it off nicely. Not everyone can.
Well... You're rocking it. You're handsome.
Not all men look good but you rock this look!!  Wear it with confidence!
Awesome man looks great!
Looks great, really suits you! Very handsome, you should feel confident with your decision!
You look like Sean Evans and he fucks a pretty girl so You have that.
You got a dope cranium.
Own'in it. I like it!
Shaving my head was one of the best hairstyle decisions I’ve ever made, and it looks like the same applies to you. Looking really good!
You're looking quite solid there man, good for you.
I think it looks great. There’s nothing for you to worry about. You’re a good looking guy!
Looks amazing!
If you’re losing your hair, always shave or trim it all off. Confidence is attractive no matter what.
Don’t worry. You have a good head shape for this style. Makes you look well groomed and pardon the pun, polished. You also have a kind face so the bald look doesn’t make you look mean or scary.
That looks fucking amazing my dude! It goes fucking great with your beard.
You're good.  Theres an adjustment period, where you and others get used to seeing you like that, but just maybe get a little sun on there and rock that shit.  Pretty soon no one, including you, will remember what you looked like with hair.
You could definitely host hot ones.
This look works well on you! My fiance's brother did the same thing and he looks good with his head shaved. Rock on and dont forget the sunscreen!!
I went bald a few times in the army and the shape of your skull is ridiculous..... ly suited to what you have done. Good look, bro!
It works really well for you, it was a good idea, also your hot!
Honestly man. You pull it off. It’s looks badass
It looks great! You're very handsome. You also have very pretty, kind eyes and the shaved head makes them stand out more. Always good to push yourself out of your comfort zone. And its only hair.
You manage to pull off the shaved head without looking intimidating. Your face is kind and sweet, it really looks good on you. Pulls more attention to your face, which is very handsome :-)
You are extremely good-looking bald! Definitely can pull it off! Don't question this decision at all!
Good choice! Embrace it and rock it!
Lookin' good! Like a younger Sean Evans from Hot Ones :)
You look so fantastic! Don’t even think about questioning your decision! I have a feeling you are only going to get better with age!  Good on ya!
Welcome to Hot Ones, the show with hot questions and even hotter wings...
TIL hair is not a neccesity to look hot
Damn you're cute
Bald suits you.
It really suits you!
I’d date you
Fresh as fuck.
I like it
The bald look is best achieved when facial hair such as eyebrows and beard are full and without patches of less growth or lighter color. In your case I would advise growing your beard out some.  Otherwise your face seems quite suited to the look! No need to be self-conscious.
I actually can't think of any haircut that would look better on you! It looks very natural!
If Sean Evens were too ever go missing you’d be a great double
Please remember to practice good sun protection for your great new look! Join us on one of the skincare subs to find a good SPF product.
Looks super good and really natural!!
Not bad at all man. Goes extremely well with the beard.

Over the next few years, experiment with different styles of facial hair, see what you like. But overall, you wear it well.
It totally suits you!! Lookin good!
You ever seen hot ones? You could be a stand in for sean evans
Ya look like the guy from hot ones in a good way
Definitely hot!
I love this look. You look fantastic, rock it
Its not about how big it is, but how you use it man!
You look like Sean Evans from Hot Ones! He's got a totally gorgeous super model level wife!  So, you obviously have that look down! Be confident!
Idk what youre talking about u look phenomenal
My husband shaved his head for the same reason. It looks 100x better than growing out thinning hair. It totally suits you! Very handsome and I think it’s a bold move that paid off.
Are you sean evans?
You look quite handsome, it's a good look on you :)
Are you kidding me? It looks super good on you :)
You are really beautiful! Amazing eyes, and the beard is perfect as well!
looks pretty good on you man! Looking really handsome :)  


and you got beautiful facial hair too!
Handsome
Bald suits you!!! I’m loving the little bit of beard you have going on too!!!
A good looking Billy corgan
Oh you're good pimp.  You got a good shaped head for it & pull it off easy . If I was to shave my head I'd look goofy as hell. It fits you though fr . Have a good one bro.
My goodness dude you're so gorgeous, beautiful and just wow amazing looking. Your eyes shine in a beautiful way and I hope you know that.
As a balding man that looks like shit bald, lemme just send you a sincere GO FUCK YOURSELF!!!!!!! You're a lucky fuck lol
You...... are very cute
You have a golden opportunity to impersonate Sean Evans
10/10 would bang and buy a nice meal after then consequently marry
You have stunning eyes! A bald head coupled with the facial hair really suits you
Always thought the bald+beard combo was super attractive!!! You rock is super well
Excellent choice, sir. Rockin’ it. H. O. T.
Looks good to me!
I think you look great! You really pull off the look which isn’t always easy to do. Definitely made the right decision.
If you can grow the beard out, I could see you having that kratos look! Looking good!
Dude you look like Sean Evans!!!
Bruh, you got the head shape for a baldy. Looking good.
I don’t know what your hair looked like before, but you look GREAT with a shaved head. Some people can’t pull it off, but you are most definitely rocking it. Just make sure to run a razor over it every morning, so it stays clean looking. Good decision!
Beard + bald ! Thats a combination that i dig! (I'm have a shaved head + beard myself)

Not everyone can pull off a shaved head but you look great my dude! And damn your eyes look sooo neat! What color are they ? They look grey/blue
You look like the host of that awesome interview show Hot Ones, Shawn Evans. I think it looks great!
I started thinning at like 24. Shaved it at 28 after trying everything to keep it, and losing that battle. It'll feel weird at first, but you'll probably get way more compliments for the baldness than you ever got with hair.
I think it suits you fine. I really enjoyed your last video with Aubrey Plaza.
doubt you could've looked this good with hair, definitely a good choice.
You got a good lookin dome, be thankful. Works for ya, cheers.
My partners last name is Dickey, I've never met another one! That's cool. Your hair look great the way it is. Bald with facial hair is always a win!
Hey man I took the same leap when I was 25, I held on a lot longer than I should have and it was honestly very liberating to not have to worry about my bald patch any more. So I say you look great, and you just have to own it now and make up for it with well groomed facial hair.
Will you interview me while I eat wings?
mpb quite often skips a generation... you're sure you haven't been a bit premature?
Dude you actually look sweet with the bald hair bit even lying. The baldness and beard goes super well together
I fully support your choice to go boldly bald. It suits you very well and you have an excellent head for it. Plus, think how much time and energy you'll save not having to wash or comb your hair anymore!
Not everyone can pull off a shaved head,you sir have!! You look great.
Not to discredit how upset this probably makes you, but I would probably suggest you shave your head in a parallel universe where baldness isn’t in the family.
Wussup sean evans
Looks pretty mint friend.
You look like you  could be a professional wrestler. It's a fine look.  Go forward!!
You remind me of Mac l
Lethal - a 30something bald white rapper from Kansas City -  
  
A Bold, self-aware, solid guy.  
This is a look, and you pull it off well.


Mac Lethal - Royals Cap  
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6x3oZzlg7vw
Bruh your beard game is strong. Fellow baldy. You look swell and have nothing to worry about. 

Let your confidence lead others towards your look. It will pay off. 

Also you watch one punch man when you have any doubts.
You look sexy bald.
dood you look hot af. #nohomo
I think you're handsome, bald looks good on you
Nice beard
Duuude you definitely made the right decision. You look so so good.
Honestly it’s a good look
You suit the no-hair look! Some people do, some people don't. You definitely do.
I shaved at 18. Yup 18, terrible genes, thanks mum. You're rocking it my dude. 10/10.
You look amazing!
Lift weights and grow that beard out and tend to it. You’ll fit in.
You don't look old enough to have a mid-life crisis. The shaved head look suits you well.
Man you're honestly lucky as fuck because you have a good head for it. When I go bald Ima look like a crack head ...fuucck
You have a very nicely shaped head, you're probably more lucky than most. 

My husband is balding but has a pretty pointy head. He's more self conscious about his pointy head than he is the balding. He wears a hat constantly. 

You look great!
The mr burns pattern looks pretty dope if you ask me. Im not saying this ironically.
Idk about that but you are VERY HANDSOME and can absolutely pull that look, off. Ive always had long,  thick hair . I decided it was time for a change,  So I got it cut in a.m angled bob which is shorter than my chin. I almost cried directly after.  But really started to love it afterwards.  Maybe you're unsure of it bc is a big change.  I think you're super attractive and hope you begin to get used to it and like it.
If anyone can rock it, you can. You're a very good lookin’ guy!
You look cool like that. Don't worry about it.
Honestly very good looking dude. 10/10 would take home to my family
Honestly as anothe dude, being bald suits you in a good way. Got the head and facial head to make up for the lack of head hair. 

You’re much better off embracing it and going bald or super short buzz, rather than hold on to whatever hair that looks bad.
It's unfair how good you look. Plus your eyes are breathtaking and that thin beard fits you so well.
Man you look like someone I play DnD with.. Shane? Lol
Looks good, actually.
Dude your handsome!!!!
Damn you is sexy
Your owning it dude! Going bald worked out well for me. I didn’t realize how much time we spend dealing with our hair, especially if you live in a windy city like a I do and had to comb it back into place constantly.
A beautiful face makes up for no hair in this case
You literally look amazing. Wish I could pull this off since I know I’ll have to one day...
Want to throw a pokeball at your head because it is so shiny, love it tho
Nah you look sick man
Looks great!
Go to Brazzers !<3
I love it!!! Damn that shit looks good
Wow you actually look great without hair. I’ve been worrying about losing my hair as well... I think I’m just being paranoid though.
Very few people can rock a bald look. You can
This is a solid fucking look
Grow the beard in time and get some nice glasses and you’ll be stylin my man
You're pulling it off great! In fact your beard is a great balance to the shaved scalp!
I think it really suits you!
Bald men are manlier
Is that Sean Evans
You legit look really good. Never comment here either.
It looks good. Like others have said; the shape and size of your head is pleasing to the eye.
Broooo! U look fresh as heck! Definitely rocking it.
You look great
You look great! I personally think the bald head suits you :)
Some people pull off being bald, you dont...BECAUSE YOU OWN IT DAMN YOU LOOKIN GOOD!
It really works for you. You remind me of Sean Evans from Hot Ones lol
So when is your next fight with Ant Man?
You look great dude!
I went through it, too. You'll never have a bad hair day. Besides, it suits you! Own it!

You kinda look like Corey Still from *And Man* and*The Strain*. Which pic makes him look more badass?

https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/strain-producers-explain-corey-stolls-720091
bald guys w beards are sexy. you look like a badass. plus you have nice eyes, a perfect nose, and an endearing half-smile.
With that hoodie you look like a broken condom
10/10 would smooch. You wear it well!
Aw no don't be unsure of it! You look great!
You looks badass. Not even joking. A random internet stranger saw this pic and the first thing they thought is that u look slick af
Thank you! It'd be great if nature was kind enough to give everyone a good skull for baldness if it was going to screw them over in the hair department.
I got hit with a rock when I was a kid and had 3 staples right in the top of my head. I really hope I dont go bald.
Thank you <3 I'm hoping that getting rid of the hair will allow my eyes to stand out a bit more
Totally agree. Same boat.  Life is so much better    Wish I had shaved it off 10 years earlier.  Looks better.
this
Hotter than the wings he makes his celebrity guests eat.
[removed]
I thought the full horseshoe comment was pretty funny.
The shaved head is a major upgrade!
I was gonna read all the comments and then post something myself, but I sw your picture and honestly I think you look even younger now! Your face pops out, your eyes look bigger... I first thought that you looked very handsome and baldness suited you, but no I think you took a very good decision. You look rad, man!
I opened the link, saw your very impressive thicket of beard (I go thick on the chin but disappointingly patchy on the cheeks) and the next picture was of a kitten  so I naturally  thought it was an even thicker beard there.

I had thick hair for 30 years and decided it was getting too much in the way and I look forward to the days I can shave it down to the skin. It looks good on you my friend. Keep at it. 
I
I think you look better with a shorter beard.
The beard looks really good the way it is now, too!
I like the beard best on your post. Don’t feel the need to compensate one for the other. Don’t overthink it, you look great! Confidence is key.
Not usually one to take part in these kind of things, but comparing the pic you just linked and the one you posted, baldness is definitely for you. If i saw you in the pic you linked, I wouldn't think twice. The pic you posted however, is making me think maybe I should shave mine. And I have a very thick full head of hair with no family hair problems. You made the absolute right decision.

Genuinely thinking I should shave mine now. No joke.
The shaved head looks very natural on you! And I think if you end up growing out the beard, you’ll look like a badass!
Keep the beard do that length and you will look both professional and super hot. The well groomed beard is always a good choice, don’t fall into the “longer is better” trap. You look way younger now!
Wow, great decision to go bald, you look so well taken care of and it's made your good features stand out even more. You're a handsome guy. I think the beard as you have it now is also a good length, it's in balance already. Feel confident!
That's a nice beard! I think you look better without, you're gorgeous!
After clicking that pic, you definitely look better bald imo. Congrats on the level up on the hotness scale, Mr. Clean!
Score!
I saw this first, then I saw white Vin Diesel.
"Slay non-stop" as in, you think I do well with the ladies? If only haha, I've actually never been in a relationship despite a few attempts but here's hoping for something to work out when its supposed to.
I'm glad I dont come across as intimidating or aggressive! I love knowing people see me as approachable and caring
Like... football? xD

Thank you!
<3
Thanks! I may not have been blessed with good hair follicles on my head but I love my beard :)
I fully agree, thank you for that healthy reminder :)
Yea, I like this better :p there's already a whole show depicting my life!
https://imgur.com/gallery/ikrB0Pe
anyone got a foxy grandpa hat?
Lol, please dont eat me :)
Maybe a mid-20's meltdown? ;)

Thank you!
I certainly feel much more confident about this decision haha!
Yea, it was time :) https://imgur.com/gallery/AeidTzG
Yea I've already got a whole set for my beard that has worked with my hair as well!
Yea I caught it. Thanks for turning from your cannibal ways!!
Thanks so much!
I'll believe it! I hope I came off as approachable before and that that has only increased since shaving. I love knowing people are comfortable with me
Vroom vroom
He started it!
You're right about that.  Some women love the look.  
Totally agree.
Well if you find any, feel free to point em my way :P
Cheers!
And happy cake day :)
Feeling like this isn’t a toast...
You also have plenty of facial hair which looks great with the bald head! It must feel weird at first but you are rocking it and look very manly!
I personally think bald men are attractive, but a friend of mine was being made fun of for balding and he replied with "a path you use most won't have any grass". Not so witty-sounding in English, but in my language he was implying he thinks more than people with hair.
it does! your eyes were the first thing I noticed, then I read the title and was like “oh ya he is bald, looks good!!”
I used to date a guy who shaved his whole head. Seemed like a lot of upkeep,  but maybe no more than hair...

Anyways,  you have really nice eyes and your face/head are a great shape for the shaved look. Looks good on you.
Although I have never seen you with hair, I think this looks quite fitting and fine.  I imagine your hair was not as bad before as you thought (we tend to judge ourselves harshly), but if you are comfortable with this, then go for it!  It looks good without looking like you belong in a biker gang..
Oh well your eyes are lovely and the combo of the shaved head and the beard is killer! Looking good!!
Lol this is my first time seeing toast me. I thought damn who is this guy he’s getting complimented when normally this sub makes people cry.
Hahaha you’re right! I totally see the resemblance.
Lmao this was my first reaction too
I totally saw Sean in him too.
Well? Don't leave us hanging!
Agreed. He’s handsome. Don’t cover up nice features with a beard
Sean Evans is dating a former Miss California. You  have hope my dude.
Patience is a virtue man, I've been in 2 relationships that went bananas and since then I've just stepped aside and being patient lol and yes that is exactly what I meant aha something about you makes me think that you have a charm if that makes sense
You look lovely, my first thought was that you look like you’re in a band.

On relationship advice, don’t settle for anything less than you deserve, just work on loving and accepting yourself before you aim to love someone else— this is important because you need to internally understand that you’re worthy of love, otherwise you won’t ‘believe’ or accept the other person as genuine when they say they love you. 

Sorry, that was a bit personal, make sure you take care of your head- sunscreen/hat because it’s sensitive, and get a good razor so you don’t get irritation. I think your beard and hair look great, you look like a sweet hpotato and you will have lots of opportunities for relationships in the future.

Edit: must proofread, I tapped keyboard prediction for sweet *heart*, not “potato”.
Precisely what they mean. If it isn’t, it should mean that. Bald guys with beards absolutely are way up there on the hot scale for most women, I feel. Very manly.
Like, music twins! Meant as a compliment
No, thank YOU. Gorgeous bastard.
How can one look good with and without hair!? I think baldness suits you better though!
just wait until you bump your head on something. with no hair the body panics and for a second you think you just cracked it wide open. 

Heres a protip though: Once your scalp adjusts to being shaved start using conditioner instead of shaving cream. It leaves a nice smell and your skin feels so nice after.
(I keep trying to come up with a reply that doesn’t sound creepy. lol  Oh well.) I shaved my head once and I did NOT look good, so... respect.
[removed]
I dont mind being a sweet potato ;) thank you for your kind words, I'll keep my chin up and be on the lookout for some quality razors and sunscreen!
I figured out how to take good pics from specific angles but the hair in the back and right in the front was always sparce from the side. I think this is better, for sure!
Yesss
Also, it's your eyes. Dam do you have beautiful eyes
And what could have been the result if you hadn't called the police? Your sibling sounded like THEY were out of control so you had to step up and keep people safe. Intervention is needed sometimes and maybe a visit from the cops was exactly the kick up the ass they required. It must have been awful to hear that.

I would be feeling bad after the situation PET ALONE after having been through other proper trauma. You have been massively brave, and you have the strength to carry on. You have the where withal to reach out rather than sit and be utterly distraught on your own. You have picked the right sub to go to, so really, I think there's a good chance at some recovery.

I hope you embrace the therapy and know that the past will stay there. Moving forward in life is one of the great adventures we have. I hope yours captivates your interests and imagination.
It never feels like it, but things really do get better. I promise.
Im so sorry you had to go through that. Im sure its really hard, but things will get better! It might not seem like ike it somedays, but it really will. Just remember. Tomorrows a new day, and whatever happens today will soon pass. Keep tour chin up!
You did the right thing to take care of your family! You are a good person.
I'm so sorry you went through that. I'm glad therapy sounds like its helping you, and I hope things continue to get better. Just keep putting one foot in front of the other and you'll get out of the other side of this rough patch
You’re on the right track. I’m sorry things are difficult for you now. Sending warm vibes.
You did the right thing, and you are very brave. I do send you love, valient OP. I hope and know things will get better.
Mucho gusto smiley guy! You seem like a fun person!
Hah so cute
i like ur beard
No hablo mucho español, ¡pero me encanta su barba, y su sonrisa me alegra!


If I messed up my grammar, sorry!
Usted es hispano o guero? Por que más puntos si mi comentario está en español? Disculpe por las preguntas, pero su sonrisa es muy agradable y también me encanta la barba que enseñas!
You have the cutest smile, and your glasses really make your eyes pop! You seem like the exact type of person I'd wanna be around if I was still drinking, and even now that I'm not. Keep being awesome!
Yo your smile just lit up my whole night so thank YOU!
Arriba, abajo, al centro y adentro!
qué onda amigo. tienes una sonrisa muy linda. me agrada mucho que quieras aprender español!
espero tengas un excelente día.
You look really fun. I'd hang out with you.
I assure you I'm very fun! Thank you!
Awww thank you!
Thanks! Needs to be trimmed but I love it too.
Gracias! Soy estudiante de español entonces ya estoy aprendiendo español.
Gracias! Soy estadounidense. Yo tomo clases de español en el colegio y tengo muchos amigos latinoamericanos.
Thank you so much! Feel free to dm me. I'm still fun when sober!
Youre so welcome. You're compliment made me smile more!
Thank you so much love!
A mi tambien!
Oooo eso me suena bien! Yo soy latina, me alegra que otras personas que no son hispanos y latinos, le guste hablar mi idioma. En verdad mi pone feliz. Mucho gusto, lindo!
Dónde estudias?
Mándame un mensaje privado
Mucho gusto también! Me gusta la cultura hispana y me gusta aprenderla
De dónde eres?
Puedo mandarte un mensaje privado?
Mis papás son de Guanajuato, México. Pero yo soy Mexicana-Americana. Y claro que si me puedes mandar un mensaje, adelante!
Your a good looking lad. Your eyes are deap like the ocean. Always smile with your eyes and shine from the inside out. I'm sure you will be a great catch for someone.
My dude, if you held out your hand, you could catch Mjolnir.
Bro idk why you’re nervous
Bro to bro you’re good looking im surprised you have problems with girls
Silky blonde hair, gorgeous eyes, the masculine jawline and the cutest freckles... You look like the surfers Hollywood shows in the movies!  

Excellent taste in art and nicknames. Also you look like a genuine, kind and friendly person. I'm sorry to hear that you are not experiencing what you would like, but you just keep on being places and maybe that special someone will approach you and start the conversation!
If Hercules and Brad Pitt had a baby he would look like you.
You have that fantastic surfer dude hair, (maybe because of that) you look like a chill dude, and you have great eyes.
Hair color! If you get the right cut your hair could be totally hot.
You have very nice eyes!
There’s lots of youtube videos on social anxiety. Some of them are really good.
You have really nice blue eyes and the hair suits you well! As someone who also get nervous in social situations, I can understand how it feels. With that said, I have no doubt you could get a partner easily if you put your mind to it.
Aw ur cute lmao u look the the most stereotypical surfer dude ever haha
[removed]
I watched Thor last night! If I started building muscle up I think I could make a convincing Asgardian.
Thanks dude! It’s probably just cause I never make a move. I always try to play it waaaaay too safe. I’m terrified of rejection, but I guess it’s inevitable.
Thanks dude! Funny about the surfer thing because I am a surfer and my family is from SoCal. (But they moved to Georgia before I was born.) since I’m usually not at the beach, instead f surfing I mostly rock climb.
I never thought my hair color was that special. I was actually thinking about dyeing it white with some lavender in there, but maybe I’ll keep the color.
Haha thanks dude! I’ve been growing out my hair, and I haven’t had a haircut in 11 months, so that’s probably why my hair looks wack. Also I just got done surfing so that’s probably why my hair looks crazy. I use a sulfate free shampoo and conditioner. And I’ll definitely shave after I shower tonight. Tbh most people say I looked better with a beard, so it’s nice to hear something different!
This is not r/rateme. This sub will not accept anything below perfect scores or comedy overscores.
Ye I play it way to safe too man 
Believe me I’ve probably missed a lot of opportunities too 
Rejection will happen, you just gotta realize that if it happens who cares 
Move onto the next one ( which is easier said than done )
Man, that explains the real surfer vibes I was getting.
Nooo dont dye it I really love ur hair
No....don’t touch the color. It’s hard to achieve color like yours naturally
Of course! It doesn't look bad though, I personally like longer hair on guys. I've been told about 50/50 I look better with and without facial hair but I find I get better looks from people when I'm clean shaven and look like I put effort into cleanliness.

But the biggest thing is to just own being you, you're the only you that exists, so who are you to not be(lieve in) yourself? :)
My bad, i follow both subs and didn't notice. I'll make sure to check next time.
Your beard is killer!! You look like a super nice guy. Life is hard sometimes but don’t let it get you down too much. You’ll find a better job and new friends in time as long as you don’t give up. Good luck!!!
Dude all my friends live super far away too, I almost feel like the only way I can actually maintain friendships is by having it be long distance. Anyway, if you're looking for yet another friend who isnt near you, hit me up! Jobs are always stressful, something better will always come along you just have to grin and bear it until it does. Never stop looking, you never know what you'll find
You look like a really cool dude to me man. It's a shame those people far away are missing out on your friendship. You just haven't found the job that fits you yet, but keep trying, because when you do you'll be unstoppable. Keep going, buddy. You got this.
I have one good friend i speak too every so often. After i graduated college its like i lost all of them. I totally know how that feels. Be conscious of the fact that right now, you just need to focus on how AWESOME you are! Sometimes crap happens, but that doesn’t define us..its how we HANDLE that crap that defines who we are. You’re doing amazing.
I hate that you're going through a really shitty time but the light is there my friend! Hold on to the friends you have even if they're far, i know it's tough, but you got this! 

Also, killer beard! You look like a really great guy to have long conversations with.
Tomorrow's another chance to have a better day than this one. You look legit, put yourself out in the deepend and see what happens. Life is funny, it can change in a day. I'd be lying if I said your beard didn't look royal. Here's to an amazing weekend! Cheers!
You’ve got an awesome as beard and moustache! Seriously, I wish I could grow mine so thick. You seem like a laidback and friendly dude, and I hope everything works out for you.
Hey Zekewerz! You seem like a wonderful person. I looked through your recent comments to get a sense of who you are, and so much stood out to me as truly amazing! 

- You work as a youth worker and nursery teacher in a disadvantaged area; holy hell thank you for doing the work you do. That can't be easy and no wonder you are so stressed! From your comments I can tell that you truly care about your students/kids, and I wish more people in the world were like you. But please don't forget - don't set yourself on fire to keep others warm. You deserve some serious self care and pampering; don't forget to care about yourself! You are worth it. 

- You read Animorphs and Artemis Fowl as a kid! Me too! How cool, I think if we definitely would have been friends if we knew each other. Did you ever decode the cipher that ran along the bottom of the page? It was a strange and funny little mini-story. 

- From your comments and support to other strangers online you're clearly a warm-hearted, caring person. I wish I could give you an enormous hug. You are wonderful. Keep being you. 

You are an amazing person, and I appreciate you. All the best from a fellow internet stranger :)
You know what you do have though? A truly excellent beard!
Dude, life can be tough but you look like you’ve got the kind of soul that’ll grow in wisdom rather than falter through the experience. Plus you’ve got good hair, which is a small thing, but its the little things we can cling to that get us by.
If life throws its toughest challenges at its strongest soldiers, then you've got something. Life gets rough, but you have enough inner strength to realize a few kind words from strangers might get you through the day. You have transcended the need for this subreddit! Be great, be greater and excel the greatest! Good luck
Your situation is unfathomable to me, so I wont even attempt to give advice. All I can say is, life throws us endless obstacles, some harder than others, and some that seem so impossible to even recover from. It will get better. You have every right to feel confused, but if you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here, and alot of other internet strangers would say the same. Also, you're very handsome and you have wonderful hair! I see the bass behind you. Play some music, let it all out ~
That’s an incredible tough situation you’re going through, i hope your mom gets better soon. Maybe you should talk to somebody to work through your feelings on this whole situation. Also, on a slightly more upbeat note, most handsome bassist i’ve ever seen.
You look like you could play Bass with Arctic Monkeys
i’m a strong believer that people never really leave us even when they die. i’ve gone through the same thing, and i can tell you that it’s going to be hard for a long time. you’ll find new ways to cope and you just have to keep living as your parent would’ve wanted you to. he’ll always be around with you too, in some way or another. best of wishes to your mom and your family, i hope everything ends up okay. also you’re incredibly handsome, you look like you’re a lively guy that could find the positive outlook on anything. all love!
Can I have your hair?
You remind me of a Jack Kerouac character... very handsome and fancy lad! Keep your chin up , I’m sorry for your loss. Our family members live on with us.
The hard thing to remember is that we have so little control over life, in an age where we can turn the kettle on at home while on the commute home. Some things are just beyond us.

 Love can be the same. Pain can be the same. But what you do with them is key. Shower your love on to your mom. Channel the pain of loss and frustration. You're musical! The guitar can call out whatever you are feeling. Your art and poetry is a classic way of merging your feelings with your creativity. Create when you think things are falling apart around you. Show the world that you will build, not crumble.

You got this, painfully handsome dude.
i love your art! you seem like a fun person to go to the museum or record store with. i hope things get better soon, i know they will! :)
Life often throws inexplicable pain our way. You look like a resilient man who will come out stronger in the end. Hang in there :) (Also, nice bass and nice face!)
I'm sorry for your lost dude but you need to be strong for your mom, she needs you at this moment. You look like a really strong fellow and I believe that you will get through this!
Sorry about that’s happening to you right now. I’m pretty sure the better is yet to come.
That’s a lot to deal with at any age, let alone 24. I wish I could offer counsel. I’ll just say that I wish you and your family the best. Confusion isn’t permanent. Go out there and live. I’m willing to bet your dad and mom would offer up the same. You deserve that. Take good care.
I can’t imagine how awful and painful that must be, I hope reading these comments makes your day a little easier
I'm super jealous of your hair. Sorry to hear about your pops, hope that your ma gets better!
You are ridiculously handsome. For what little it's worth in this time. We're all confused, this shitstorm is confusing.
You look like you could be a main character in The Vampire Diaries or The Originals lmao. Especially with your ring haha but mostly because all the guys on both tv shows are hot af
Hell yeah, you’re right. It’s important to pay attention to the minute things that are often glanced over and so easily forgotten. Having an ok head of hair is certainly one of them. lol thanks, man.
Hey, thanks so much for the kind words - I really appreciate it. I wasn’t expecting so many people to comment so I sort of forgot about this post, lol. Yes! Playing music certainly helps. I should do more of that. It’s funny actually, I don’t really play bass, I’m more of a boring guitar player.
Haha thank you, that’s really kind of you to say!
ah! Nice comment..Yes I used to love Kerouac, actually. I had a huge beat poet/writer phase when I was younger. Thank you! Your words are appreciated
hey thank you for the kind words!
Just being honest dude. Rocking that p bass.
You are beautiful! Great skin, big eyes, nice nose and a very symmetrical features! You seem cool and smart and kind, also! 

Reddit generally has a very narrow definition of beauty and focuses way too much on negatives and what can be fixed, I wouldn't worry too much about what they have to say. Just know that you're beautiful!
Your eyes are stunning! Also your face has very proportional features.
Those big brown eyes!
You look good dude! Pretty eyes and very cool hair. X
I could stare at your eyes the whole day sweetheart.
Your face is beautiful! And your style obviously rocks, bc that hair is fantastic!
Ugh i wish i had your braveness! When i see bright colored hair my first thought is “how beautiful does that braveness look on her or him” and THEN its like “that color is BANGIN.” Amazing!
Your eyes are GORGEOUS! Also love your curls and great skin!
Sorry I am not a fan of the green hair at all. Maybe platinum? With your face and beautiful skin you could totally pull it off.
Thank you! I dyed it for fun and something different, but I think I’m going to dye is again here soon. Perhaps red or black, just because those colors tend to work better on me
Noooooooooooooooo keep it green! It is awesome! You are oompaloompalicious to the max girl!
I like your necklace. And red is a great color for you. Times may be tough but nothing lasts forever. Something good is coming. Do something nice for someone and see what happens.
You are alive and have a shelter from the elements. The journey to light starts with a single small step. No matter how bad things are, you have a place in this world.
I am so sorry you are feeling down. I have felt hopeless about my situation too and it really stinks. But you must be incredibly strong to have made it this far and even though you look sad in the photo your strength and beauty shine through. 

I hope things get better for you and I believe in you! You have conquered every adverse situation that has challenged you and I believe that you can get through this too. Sending you lots of love!

Edit: typo
Dont let bad times define you. Let how you handle them define you. I hope you’re reaching out and finding water and help. Dont let that beautiful soul wither away! You’re so tough!
Sounds like there's a story behind that name :)   I want to try and be cheerful, but it's hard.  And the beautiful part made me smile :)
Thank you--Red is a strong color and I've always been shy of it.  I got the necklace on an Indian reservation years ago.  You're seriously the first person ever to comment on it
Ha.  That's what my brave public hiding how awful things really are face says..I'm alive.
Hopelessness is such a pit.  To quote Tommy Lee Jones, this is my happy face :D :D  It really feels so odd to smile for pictures.
It's cool. I love native things, I have a few pictures on the wall of different native artists. Not everyone can wear red, but it looks amazing on you
Really?  Or are you being nice? lol  I've never felt it to be my color
Nah it looks good. At least one internet stranger thinks so. Hey I might be wrong but I think you look good
Im sorry to hear that a rough month has impacted your self image negatively. I hope everything gets better for you, but you look like a strong enough person to keep moving through it. You're just as great as you always have been. You have a wonderful face.
I love your piercings, they're super unique! And your eyes are so pretty too. Also, your nails are freakin awesome - i wish I could grow mine out like that! 

You look tired (physically, mentally, emotionally?), but you look persistent. You look like the kind of person who keeps going no matter what life throws at them and that's pretty awesome.
Your eyeliner game is on fleak!
Hi! You're really cute and I like your piercings. I'm sorry you've had a rough month but hopefully the next one is super fricking amazing for ya!
You look absolutely stunning!
Girl, ain't nothing wrong with you, that a few nights of good sleep won't fix.
Why’s it been rough?
You’re sooo pretty. I know it might not count for much but i think you’re pretty AF.

Thankyou for sharing.
It looks like you've been going through rough times for a while and I also see that you're in here toasting others. That tells me that you're keeping a strong, caring heart through darkness - something that will carry you a long way. You are valued - take good care of yourself. Stay closest to people who build you up - you deserve it!
Hideous ? Reverse that you are super attractive
Glad to hear you've made it through all that! Sorry you're feeling unsuccessful, you definitely aren't. It takes a lot to survive any of those things. You're also gorgeous and look really friendly, you have a really pretty smile. I hope you feel better about things soon. X
You have probably done more work in managing all that than the people winning awards around you. So here's your own award:  [https://imgur.com/a/d1BwxgW](https://imgur.com/a/d1BwxgW) (Hope that worked)

Also, that haircut looks great on you, and your freckles are adorable.
Hugs, Amanda.
Obviously you're a beautifully strong woman. Clearly you've been tested in your life, but those scars are the stripes you've earned from making it through. You're clearly a young, beautiful woman with a lot left in front of her. Measuring your life to those around you will never bring you happiness. Think about what's great about you. Why you love you, why you are worth it. Because you are. Your time will come to be honored, I know I'd honor you if you were in my life. Keep chugging along hermosa. You've got this...
Amanda, I like to respond genuinely without tossing-out random compliments. But, in all honesty, you are truly gorgeous. God has gifted you with a very attractive face, and glowing hair.

You don’t have to prove anything to anyone. Simply by prevailing through your trauma, you are doing wonderful things in your life. You are stronger than you may realize! Much love
If you want to achieve profound self-actualization, take back all your power, win at life, and crush your enemies completely, shoot me a DM and I will tell you the way.  If not, enjoy the life of 'almost'. I stand ready to pay it forward.  No gimmicks. No games. Just pure alpha knowledge.
Congratulations on making to the other side! PS: can I steal your hair and freckles!???
Comparing one self to others too much is not good for you. You will always find people who are better and worse than you at things. All you can do is be the best you. Considering what you’ve been through you seem to have handled it well. Besides you’re young and you still  have lots of time to reach a lot of goals in your life. 

Remember, life is an experience, not a race.
You are amazingly strong for making it through all that! You are not living your life on anybody else’s timeline, only your own. You are beautiful, and if you ever want to talk to a fellow survivor feel free to PM me anytime of day or night.
1) you look like you’re thriving, not just surviving
2) I feel ya. I just found a coworker is getting a new job with almost a 30k raise. I have more skills and more education than him. But. Whatever. It happens. 
3) you got this. You’ll get your awards and recognition too. On your own timeline.
You look so strong! You have a very charismatic smile and I have never seen hair that blonde before! It is so pretty. Your freckles are so cute too. Gosh, you really are gorgeous. I am so envious! Do you model?
^(Hi, I'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image)

**https://i.imgur.com/dNuamHt.jpg**

^^[Source](https://github.com/AUTplayed/imguralbumbot) ^^| ^^[Why?](https://github.com/AUTplayed/imguralbumbot/blob/master/README.md) ^^| ^^[Creator](https://np.reddit.com/user/AUTplayed/) ^^| ^^[ignoreme](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=imguralbumbot&subject=ignoreme&message=ignoreme)^^| ^^[deletthis](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=imguralbumbot&subject=delet%20this&message=delet%20this%20err1elw)
This is an award to be super proud of! Congratulations!
You look really handsome, and your smile is sincere... Whatever makes you happy and whatever you want buddy.. Do what makes you feel you!

Have a blessed day brother
I have really thick hair. Doesn't grow long and in this weather it is a proper drag. Honestly for about 30 yrs I didn't have the mindset to try it short. One day, I just went for it. Did a Britney and since then I have kept it really short, because I love it now. There is no harm in giving it a go, it worked for me. Go down gradually by all means but if something tells you to give it a try, why not.

But there is nothing wrong with how you look mate. Defo a guy I could hang with
you have to be one of the most handsome guys I've ever seen! (no homo)

Your haircut suits you very well, don't worry about that.
I think that length looks good on ya, my dude! It's the kind of hair that girls (or guys, if that's what you're into) would want to run their fingers through
It's not curly, it's "wavy". It looks good, but honestly? I'd go to a stylist/salon (probably not just a 'barber') and get a professional's opinion as to what t would look best. The hair has potential! No buzz cut for you!
I think your hair looks awesome!! It suits you really well. But above all, do what makes you feel happiest and the most confident!
Looks great, dog! I say grow that lettuce out even longer!
don't cut your hair, you're one good looking dude. Sincerely.
You look great. If you would like to embrace the curls to see how awesome they can be, check out /r/curlyhair and do the "curly girl" method on the top post (basically you get one bottle of cleanser and one bottle of cheap "CG" approved conditioner like suave. Doesn't cost a lot to try this. And then after cleansing do the "squish to condish" method and leave it in your hair to dry either in a shower cap or plopped on top with a t-shirt.). My husband did it for a week and his slightly wavy, kind of unkempt hair turned into ringlets of awesomeness.

&#x200B;

Of course you could also just cut it and see if you like that. Hair grows back.
cute hair definitely don't cut it!
Ty I really appreciate it
Wow thank you!
Thanks! My ex-girlfriend liked to do that sometimes
Thanks for the tip. I didn't know this sub existed I'll look into it!
And p.s i do think your hair looks cool!
You don't need strangers to validate you! I can tell you're a great person with a genuine heart. Also have amazing curly hair that looks great! Not to mention your eyebrows look better than mine on a good day haha keep your head up! Everything will work out:)
I remember being a young man with many of those same feelings. You will be ok, as bad as things are I promise you it gets better. Remember that failure is just finding ways that don't work. I didn't fail 100 times, I found 100 ways that don't work so I learned. Perspective helps. Find joy where and when you can.
Noone knows where they are going. We are all blagging it. Some pretend better than others that they don't need people. Some really don't which I think is rather sad. But we got your back here, pal.

I will guess that the way you have been feeling has not been going as  for as long it seems. Negative time drags. We get that. So find something that interests you instead of pandering to people who don't get what you mean or what you are going through. And where there is a shared interest there is another person to speak to. Give it a go. Good luck
You'll find your way, if you can just get through this tough spot. I truly believe in you. You look like a very kind person. The fact that you care so much for a friend means something, there are tons of people out there who would love for someone like you to show up in their lives.
Wow! You are so handsome!

I always recommend staying in enviorments that aren’t chaotic. Spend sometime in quiet places. 

You seem like an amazing person!...Be kind to yourself. You deserve it!
Panic attacks are rough business. I’m sorry to hear you’ve had so many. But you are so strong, and even if you don’t have the same support group you usually do we are all here for you cheering you on!
Lmao thx for complimenting my eyebrows, I don't get that a lot :P And yh I'm trying to keep my head up but it's hard when you're alone, thx for the encouragments anyways !
Thank you, I hope so because for now none of my failures have led to me getting any better :/ But it's nice knowing people out there felt the same way and got better, and I hope I'll pull through !
That's true, I used to pretend I was better off alone but that didn't work out so well :/ I also  do have hobbies, but they're getting harder to do in the summer, and my panic attacks make me unable to do anything, I will try to push through though !
Thx, I'd like caring less tbh because it would make my life a whole much simpler lol. But I hope I'll find them as well !
Thx, that's something I rarely hear lol. Actually I feel like being in a place with other people, because being alone with social media really reminds me of how lonely I am. But thanks for the enouragements !
What hobbies you got?
I skate, and make music, both are kinda hard to to when you're having a panick attack though :/ They do help sometimes tho
Skating, yeah I would nosedive if having an episode I am sure. But music can be a bit of a key to decompressing. Listening to something you can play/sing alongside? You will know better what works for you
It's hard to believe you're losing weight. You look like you were always beautiful and slender. Nevertheless, I'm proud of you for taking charge of your life and growing into the beautiful butterfly you always were.
Yes girl! Great to hear things are going your way. You  have such a great smile!
Yes, Congratulations! You have a gorgeous face, smile. Eyebrows are on point.
Fucking. Slay. Queen.
Yes girl! Keep doing what you’re doing!
Can do! Just ask and I’ll try my best!
Anyway, I’m glad you’re doing better! You have to be very strong to get out of a tough situation, and you seem to have done it flawlessly! Amazing!
Well done you! Here's to your amazing future!
So many good things that’s awesome :) happy for you!
Glad things are changing for the better and keep your spirits high! You have amazingly clear skin and a radiant smile. Here's to your future filled with many potential opportunities and adventures!
Your happiness is inspiring! I'm glad things are going well & your smile is contagious! Keep up the good work :)
So proud of you!!! Keep up the awesome work. You always have at least one stranger in your corner.
You’re going to love Montreal! Me and my friend visited there last summer and it the memories we made there will last a lifetime.
Way to go! Why are you losing weight? You look fabulous!! Enjoy all the awesome adventures
You are gorgeous, first of all. But even if that weren't the case, you've got one of those warm, friendly faces that makes others feel comfortable around you. What color are your eyes? I can't quite pin a name, but I absolutely love it!

Congrats girl! I'm so glad life is treating you well! Oh, and you look great in that color. :)
Look at you! Great smile, life on track, going places (literally). Good actions breed good fortune and contentment!
You do look happy! Are you in Canada or crossing a border to Montreal? I'm trying to plan a trip to Toronto or Ottawa from the US and it's hard to find good places to look, lol. 

&#x200B;

Great smile!
Good on you keep up the good work!
Oh my goodness, girl I am so proud of you! I hope I can make this exact post someday! These are some of my dreams/goals as well. You rock.
Not much i could say that could top all of these accomplishments! You are an inspiration to any who read this and needed that last bit of motivation to make things better for themselves. 

Keep it up, we are all proud of you!
Life. You're nailing it! Keep up the good work!
Good for you. Self care is so important. Good to see someone is able to do it right.
Congrats!
Just moved from Montreal! It’s my favorite city in NA. If you want any recs feel free to pm moi
You have SO much natural beauty, holy shit. Good for you, you're owning your life right now! Enjoy your solo trip to Montreal - I've grown and learned SO much from my solo trips in the past. You're going to have a great time. You're also going to kick ass in college. Good luck girl :)
Keep Rocking!
You are actually pretty fucking hot and that infuriated me
Yes bitch! Look at you thriving!
Congratulations on making so much good stuff happen! And make no mistake, most of this is due to active choices you made. You chose to lose the weight, you commited to your school, you actively pursued a better job, and you’re making better lifestyle choices. That’s all you, and you should be incredibly proud of yourself.
You are a lass who is moving ahead with her life. Congratulations on all your current and future success!
Congratulations!! Keep kicking ass!!
you look like you have a beautiful personality. And remember that no matter what happens, or what anyone else does or says, or what you think of yourself, your personality will not become one any less beautiful :)
I'm so proud of you for everything you're doing so far. Keep aiming for the sky, my friend! Montreal sounds so fun! Please take plenty of pics.  Losing weight isn't always easy.
If you’re making healthy lifestyle choices, then you got yourself a healthy lifestyle! That’s incredible, it’s so important to make the proper changes you need and you’re doing it! This stranger is proud of you.
You have a lovely smile. Sounds like things are going well, I hope the future only holds good things for you
Montreal is cool, quitting your job is cooler, you seriously seem like the coolest person right now.
Your a cutie!!!
Thus is awesome! Its good to hear youre making positive changes. You have me feeling good about trying to do the same.
I am very glad to hear you're doing well for yourself! That smile suits you!
That's fantastic!  Keep on living life to the fullest!  Sounds like the next few months are going to be amazing
Congratulations! Celebrating with ya!
Never stop feeling empowered!!
How refreshing to see a naturally beautiful young woman not using facetune and a multitude of filters. You look absolutely lovely and I’m pleased as punch for you that things are going well. Keep up that smile along with your healthy outlook on life and loads more good things await :)
Good for you, girl! Reach for your dreams!
You’re already very pretty! 
Congrats on school and enjoy your trip. Best of luck!!
Look at that face! I love that face!
Excellent! Keep up with making those positive changes.
Amazing stuff girl! Sounds like life is amazing for you right now. A little jealous of your Montreal trip, really want to visit Canada myself soon. Hope you enjoy the trip and keep building on the awesome things you have done so far!
Looking really great! Keep it up!!
Congrats!!!

You look amazing and glad you are feeling good!!

All the best!!
you are kind
You look like an older verdion of my best friend, also you're pretty! :) have a great day.
I can't read cursive but it's really cool that you can
You are breathtaking
Ur cute
Your post made me smile. I wish you more happiness, I truly hope things work out for you further! PS. You have beautiful eyebrows!
Wait do you work in a running store that sells shoes?
You have pretty eyes and a nice smile!
Yippeyokayey! Keep smiling! Hold your head high!
Yeah I hope she isn’t losing too much. I know way to many people with undiagnosed eating disorders but cheers to her
That’s awesome!! Any tips on solo travel? Which cool places have you been to?
That’s awesome!! What kind of stuff did you do? Any recommendations?
I’m from Philadelphia and going up to Montreal in August! I’m crossing the border by taking a train from NYC. Staying at a hostel. Have a passport card already.
I'm going to Emory!! Excited to explore all that Altanta holds for me. Congrats on UMich!!
I’ve done the Bahamas, Vegas, and Puerto Rico. I highly recommend PR! If you’re like me, my first time i needed to fill it with stuff to do because i hadn’t quite figured out how to “be alone” in a brand new place. I highly recommend researching for the best local food, stay in an airbnb instead of a hotel (the hosts are always super helpful and recommend great places, and you get to see a side of the city you wouldn’t in a hotel).PR was so great for just walking around Old San Juan and getting drinks with the locals. I made a ton of new friends and basically bar hopped all day! Don’t shy away from doing “group” activities on your own. I’ve done catamaran tours and day-long private islands (of 20 or so) and everyone was so friendly and watched out for me!

There’s a fine line between getting to see the non-touristy side and being in the bad areas. There’s another fine line between friendly locals and guys who wanna do you harm. I’ve been on both sides. Do your research on places to stay away from and be on your guard at all times! 

In PR I got so drunk with strangers they had to help me back to my airbnb and I knew if they tried something I couldn’t stop them. They didn’t though! 

In the Bahamas I had a guy who kept buying me drinks and try touching me so I dumped my drinks and ran. 

I also once went to bed at 8pm every night and watched Netflix because I gave myself permission to do vacation my way! Just find what you like and you do you :)
Check out r/solotravel everyone is very helpful
Some of the highlights:

-jazz night at grumpy’s (wednesday nights). I’m a jazz musician myself and the quality of the music here is outstanding.


-definitely check out Notre Dame Basilica. Literally takes your breath away once you walk in.


-Montreal Poutine is a must do! Great atmosphere and you won’t find better poutine anywhere!


-Montreal botanical gardens. Not really a “must visit” but I’m still glad we went.

-nightlife in montreal is something else! I would tell you where we went but I was definitely too drunk to remember.

That’s all I can think of right now. We only spent 3 days there so there was only so much we could do. Let me know how the trip goes!
+1 for PR. I just got back from a solo trip there. Had some amazing experiences. Kayaking through the bioluminescent bays at night was certainly a highlight. People were all super friendly and the beaches were on point.
If you rly rly want the vest poutine in Quebec, there’s Grégoire, in mercier on the south shore of Montreal. Truly traditional but amazing stuff
Pissed off my lower back deadlifting this morning, spent like an hour and a half this morning weeping on an emotional rollercoaster of my own making, not sure how I feel about my new haircut, didn’t realize until halfway through my work day that I put my new shirt on backwards, and I’m new in town. Ok, I’m not new in town, just had to throw the Mullaney in there for my own amusement.
I think your hair looks great! Bangs really suit you!
You got this friend! Tomorrow will be it's own struggles and successes, so do legs and murder the challenges! Have a great weekend!
Everyone at work had a lot of nice things to say about the hair which was nice. Also now that I’m home and relaxing I feel a lot less screamy and weird, which is always good, and also not always the case because toddler, hahaha.
Thank you so much! I get so neurotic about my nails haha. Also yeah, my hairdresser said he had an idea and he’s been cutting my hair for over 15 years and never given me a bad cut, so I decided to just roll with it. I just need to get used to it being too short for a ponytail!
Thank you!!!
I’m sure I will, got some decent plans for the weekend, already feeling less screamy now that I’m home and relaxing!
Absolutely nothing wrong with getting help if you feel like it could be useful. Reaching out takes a lot of bravery and you’re doing the right thing by considering it.


You like such a fun guy so much intelligence and cheekiness in that smile. You look like great company! You’re going through a difficult stage in life I used to suffer a lot from self hatred when I was your age too. It’s really an illusion, we can’t change who we are we can only learn to love ourselves even when we’re shy and anxious and not our best. Everyone has these problems too, no one is perfect all the time. We all falter sometimes. 

You look so lovable and and adorable I hope you can see that :)
Yes get help.
You look likely a genuinely lovely, kind, human being who is worthy of caring and loving themselves. Never be ashamed if you need to reach out and get help. We all need a hand up sometimes. You deserve the best life. I hope you know that.
You’re cute! Things will be looking up :)
Getting help is never a bad thing. If you think it will benefit you, and it sounds like it might, then you should.

I hope things only get better
Get. Help! I know this sub is about giving compliments and good energy but also...GET HELP! Your brain is so important! That beautiful wonderful brain of yours!
Good luck!  Nothing like a little Wendy’s to start the morning!
it’s really impressive you were able to do that! enjoy your wendy’s your earned it
Sending you vibes for strength and positivity. Also, your hair is fantastic.
All I know is you better have gotten a chocolate frosty to dunk those fries.
One good day that you really earned and many more to come!  Congrats :))
Congrats!!
That takes a lot of courage, and I’m proud of you. You’re badass
What did you get at Wendy's?


edit: Ah shit sorry forgot what sub this is I just got excited over the Wendy's LOL

Anyway, I hope it felt like a wonderful release throwing those away. I'm so glad to hear. Also, I'm a big fan of your hair!
You’re strong to do that. Still get the urge sometimes too. You don’t need those anymore. Love your glasses by the way. :)
Oooh, Wendy's sounds fantastic!
Yay you got this!! I hope you enjoyed your food, you earned it! Stay strong even when it’s hard <3
You made the right choice! hopefully you got a frosty too!
bear u are a dorable and also a 100% twink
Ex self harmer here. Was in inpatient and outpatient for it. You’re awesome! Keep it up. We are PROUD. You don’t need those anymore. You never needed them. But I’m sure you know that. You rock!
You are valuable and important and this internet stranger is super proud of you for tossing your sharps! There is life after self harm! One day you'll be 24 and look down at yours scars and see how far you've come (speaking from experience). Also you fucking deserve that Wendy's so fucking much!
Your glasses and your hairstyle are amazing! You look so happy :) and Wendy’s rocks!
Good for you! A+ day!
That's fantastic! The first step is the hardest, you are on your way to a happier path! Good luck! Have a great day !
You should be good since you got wendy’s
If there were ever a reason to treat yourself this is as good as any. What’d ya order?
I just love this.  That’s all.
I apologize, I'm old and dumb. What are blades? Like razor blades for self harm?
I don't get it (or fast food in general) a lot so it was a bit of an extra special treat :-)

And thank u friend
Thank you! :D the roots are coming back in haha so I'm getting it recolored Tuesday.
Uhhhh, of course??? I'd be a damned fool if I didn't.
<3333 i try to be
Just a 6piece meal with a frosty. Nothing too grand, but Wendy's has the best nuggets =)
=D
Thank you! I don't consider myself strong, I'm just trying to move on and become a better person. Also thank you <3 I like my glasses too but they're like two years old.
You should get some if it's close by lol. It really lifts your spirits.
You bet I did!
Thank you! I moreso identify as a "twunk" (middle of twink/hunk) but haha thank you very much!
Thank you!!!!!!
;P thank u very much
:DDDD thank u so much!!!! I enjoyed my wendy's a great deal.
Just a 6piece meal and chocolate frosty.... only the best.
No need for apologies! Yes, razor blades for self harm.
Well, then it sounds like you are already stepping in the right direction. Also, your hair rocks!
There's none here, I'm afraid, but I do treat myself with other things every now and then
oof i read the note as twink im so sorri!!
Ah ok. I thought I might be out of the slang loop for a minute lol. My sister did a lot of self harm when we were teenagers but thankfully she got therapy help. 

I'm very happy to know that you threw them out! Stay strong.
Thank you!!!
is okay!!!!
Hang in there, things will get better, maybe talk to your parents and let them know how much it is affecting you!  I have experience with this and it was resolved with doses of acutane, which has is its own possible medical side effect  issues, hopefully you can consult a doctor.  In any case, hold your head up, I’m sure you’re a good kid.
From experience, in a few years, you'll look at pictures like this and realize how perfect you are, scars and all. There are treatment for acne that will help of course and then there's the awesome work that you'll do to develop your confidence. You are awesome.
Acne scars do go away. Being 14 is an awkward age. You’ll grow into yourself!
It all gets better! You have a long, long life ahead of you, and acne tends to decrease with age. I’m 28 and still have some acne. :)

Remember that you always look better than you feel. Always.
Kids are the meanest people you'll ever have to deal with, it gets better. It always gets better.

You have wonderful calligraphy, be proud!
Hey hon. I was super self conscious of my skin at your age, as well. It's such an awkward time with a whole bunch going on. I promise you, it gets better. It sucks right now, I know, but it does. And as long as you take care of yourself those scars will go away. You are *such* a pretty girl, though! I can tell you're going to be stunning when you're older. Kids are mean. It's a shame but they can be hurtful just to feel like they fit in, or if they feel insecure about themselves. Don't listen to them. You focus on all the wonderful things about yourself and forget whoever says otherwise. People like that aren't worth your worries. Also, that handwriting is impeccable! I sense you're very creative and gifted :)

&#x200B;

Just to add, I know you didn't ask, but my biggest piece of advice that I wish I could scream at 14 year old me is take care of your skin now. I always wore make up to hide my skin, then would usually sleep in it. I'd slack on washing and moisturizing, the whole nine. They make gentle medicated creams for scars, too, if you could maybe talk to your parents and doctor about it? Wishing you luck, love. :)
Hey, don’t mind the haters. Acne is normal in your age. It’ll get better. You are gorgeous.
Are those your real cheekbones and lips? Features like those can’t be faked in real life. A little makeup and some TLC for your skin and your going to be great!
Hang in there!! You have so much to look forward too and you are beautiful in your own skin! Be who you are and be proud because you are worth it!!!
Honestly, I wouldn't have even noticed any acne stuff. You look like a star! People can be cruel, andit took me a while to realize that the ones that say hateful things are the ones that are usually hurting the most. You've got a great style and i hope you have a great weekend!
Sweetie, you are beautiful... Scars and all. NEVER let anyone tell you anything different. The acne will go away, being a teenager sucks, but it does get better. And even if they don't go away naturally, as an adult you will have multiple available ways to get rid of them medically. So don't fret! Hold your head up, and take over the world!
You are already beautiful! I always had horrible acne. It cleared up when I was 18 or 19 (I still get the occasional breakout, but that’s okay.) I put a little makeup over my acne scars and nobody believes me when I tell them my skin looks awful. I got teased for being ugly and skinny throughout my childhood and adolescence, and now I get nothing but good attention. Sometimes I get too much good attention! You’re already prettier than me, so you have nothing to worry about. Honestly, the older I get, the less I care about my appearance because so much in life is more important than how you look. You’ll see.
You are gorgeous, darling. I'm certain those who are saying cruel things about you have their own insecurities as well and may even envy your beautiful brown eyes and hair. 

Talk to an adult you trust, like a parent or teacher who can help you deal with the situation. 

When I feel down, I sit down and list at least 5 things I like about myself and put it by the mirror or a place where I can see the list. You can also write down things from this thread and put it next to it. 

I hope you will feel better soon. :D
Thank you guys i needed this
You’re 14. No one was objectively attractive at 14. Relax, things get better. I know it doesnt seem like it at the moment, but you’ll have to trust a bunch of internet strangers.
Awww thank you
Hey friend, I'm sorry you're feeling down. I think you've got an awesome look and your hair looks quite nice.

I want you to know that no matter what I love you unconditionally, you are special, and you make this world a better place just by being you. 

Sending love, comfort, and positive thoughts.

Cheers.
Dude, your hair rocks. Also, I see your pen/pencil sitting behind your ear. All the people I've personally known to do that have been super creative people. Rock on.
* I love your hair color and style, you totally rock it!
* You have really nice skin!
* I like the color of your eyes!
Ridiculously good hair!!
That nose looks so cute 10/10 would boop
Bruh you have like a cloud for hair, beautiful.
Your hair looks awesome, and I love your style on the whole. Keep it up!
I don’t know if this makes much sense but you have a really kind face; It’s hella cute! I know everyone has said it but your hair is amazing!
Hey!  You have super cool hair, and I'm sorry you're having an uneasy kind of day.  You're not alone!  It will get better!!!!
I know people are piggybacking on the hair thing a bit (probably unintentionally, i’m sure they mean it, it looks great!) but your whole look is fire dude. Im a super average looking white guy with short brown hair, and am super forgettable. Your cool and unique style is something I wish i could do with my hair/clothes lol. You look like someone people remember and I hope life’s doin ya good, God bless you.
I don't know you personally but your hair is beautiful and you're a wonderful human being. I'm sure of it.
Everyone has said this, but - I love your hair, it's amazing. You have beautiful eyes, and I know you look sad in this picture but if you smiled I bet it would light up the world and everything around you
Omg ur so cute hah never change ur hair
Thanks. I kinda needed that.
You know what, man? Thanks. That’s awesome to hear.

It’s out of frame, but I’m in the middle of articulating a bison skeleton, and that probably counts as something creative.
...I really do like the hair. Thanks for that.
Thank you. For what it’s worth, I am having a much better day now!
Well... thanks for that. I kinda thought everyone was piggybacking off each other for the hair thing, but it makes me feel pretty awesome to know that it genuinely looks good.
You live up to your username. Hope life’s treating you well also!
Thank you!! :)
You are a good person and you deserve love.
You're dope and your hair is gorgeous
Your eye makeup makes you look like the human incarnation of a phoenix - and that's what you are right now. There's no question that these years are hard and full of ashes, but you'll rise stronger and more powerful and lovely than ever.
You are definitely not worthless but a good person!
Remember: its not because people dont recognize your value at this moment in time, that you have no value. Hang in there. (Love the hair)
You're simply stunning. You have the most beautiful eye color I think I've ever seen. And your skin is flawless and glowing, you could honestly do makeup tutorials because you're that good.
Your makeup looks flawless, and you have great hair...you're beautiful!!!  

I'm sorry you're feeling worthless.  That's your mental illness lying to you.  Every time you have a negative thought, try to consciously replace it with a positive.  There are things to be grateful for, even if they seem small right now.  Life will get better!!  You are NOT worthless!!
I’m 19, going through some pretty tough parent and mental health stuff as well. We’re very young and in no time this will be put past us. An important thing to remember is that there’s so many other people going through the same thing as us. Don’t be shy to speak with someone of your problems, (My inbox is always open!)
Being a teenager is ROUGH!!!!  Especially for girls.

It'll get better.  The things that seem important now won't seem so bad in the future.

Just ride it out and appreciate your youth.

And the fact that you are aces at make up
Sorry about your folks and feeling down. Parents can be tough to get along with sometimes, especially when you're growing up. I really like your makeup, and your hair is incredible! Some cool sketches in the background too. You're definitely not worthless dude! Hope you feel better soon. X
you'll get through it. i believe in ya!
16 for me was 12 years ago and I still remember how hard that shit was. You're doing awesome, you deserve love and support and all good things.
The things that are happening to you aren't your fault and you're so much more than your past. Trauma isn't something that happens to everyone so it's a specific kind of hell, but it always has an expiration date. Things will look up for you. In the meantime, remember that you're so beautiful and worthy no matter what happens to you. Always always always.
Listen, I have been there. You do not deserve the turmoil, but you can overcome it. And you are a fantastic individual. I'm 26 now, moved out before high school ended. You are STRONG, you are WONDERFUL. People LOVE you. If you ever need to talk, do not hesitate.
You seem like you have a really wicked sense of style and like you're a sweet person. I bet if you'd been around when I was 16, you would've been the cool chick I'd have wanted to be BFFs with.
Hey, don’t worry. The people here are some of the nicest I know, you’re in good hands. As for me, I can do my best to cheer you up, just pm me. Just know that things are going to get better.
Hi, a mother here.  You are worth so much and I want you to know that you are beautiful!!
Your makeup is amazing
I’m battling with my own personal diagnosis recently of bipolar. Mental illness and parents are very difficult to deal with sometimes but you’re going to get through it with that beautiful flowing hair and confidence! Keep slaying!
Make up looks flawless.  Braid looks awesome.  Perfection!
I'm not normally one to be cliché but it will get better. Even more so if you believe that to be the truth. And In my opinion nobody is worthless, so keep soldiering on.
You are gorgeous and strong. There is more to life sweetheart.
You look so good, anywhere else id think this is fake. Stunning eyes!
thank you so much :)
I trust that you wouldn't quit a job that quickly if it weren't serious. Good on you for protecting yourself as needed.
Take life one step at a time, sometimes all the things coming at you can be overwhelming but there's always light at the end of the tunnel, people willing to help you and opportunities waiting for you. I have faith in you!
Chin up! This will be a small section of your life and when you get a job, you will have a great story to tell. This moment will pass!
i've been there man it's all good, you'll alright and if anything there's always the military! joined when i was 27 and ended up getting my shit together cause of it. Just keep your head up and stay focused
I don’t think you would’ve quit if you felt good about the job, so I commend you on listening to your gut instead of suffering for money. Sometimes you just get this strong feeling of, “Nope. This is not for me. I gotta get out of this.” 

Good luck in the search, I hope it goes smoothly. You have very kind eyes and I wish you the best :)
You are so brave! So many people (myself included) have stayed in jobs that make them miserable but you did what you knew was best for you and got yourself out of that situation.

You have already shown that you have the bravery, insight, and willingness to look out for yourself and your wellbeing even if it is hard. I have absolutely no doubt that you will not only find a new and better job but that you will succeed in whatever you set your mind to.
You recognized it wasn't a good fit and you left. Good for you for having the intuition and judgement to do what's best for you. It's going to be hard but you know you are employable, all it takes is one good match! We're the same age and i know that making these changes can come with so much more mental and emotional baggage. You're going to find another job in these 3 days, you got this!
You are a beautiful person and I am positive you are not lame in the slightest bit. It makes me sad to hear that you are sad.  I am definately old enough to be your mom, and as a mom to a young adult,  knowing a person your age is down really tears at my heartstrings.  Luckily you have so much time ahead of you to be happy. Just do the things that you enjoy, do the things that make you happy and interest you. If other people think you are lame, then that is a reflection of them.... not you.  Remember, years from now, they might be the ones with sad, unhappy lives .... while I hope you will be living your best, happiest life possible.

And you have beautiful big eyes, lovely skin, and an amazing hair color.
It gets better after high school - trust me. I just never seemed to fit in.

I felt super lame for the longest time, then I managed to get into an out-of-state college and it completely changed my outlook. Then I realized that it wasn't about me fitting the surroundings, but the reverse. Now I can control where I live, I can control who I am friends with -- not the other way around.

&#x200B;

Just stick it out - focus on your schoolwork and trying to find a profitable field that you will enjoy working in. Think about it now, I wish someone told me it was more important instead of "you'll figure it out along the way, don't sweat it". I also wish that people would have put a bit more emphasis on the fact that money doesn't buy happiness - but having enough money to comfortably live inherently means happiness is easier to find (when you aren't stressed out about paying bills, etc).

It would have given me something to focus on when I was feeling "lame" in school, knowing that I am playing the long game.

&#x200B;

In the meantime, do the stuff you love when you have free-time. Stay a kid as long as possible (but not too long). Stay well rounded, learning new skills is really fun for me and now that I am older I simply don't have the time, I miss being younger and being able to stay up late messing with computers and building software...

Focus on getting into a good college, even though college was fairly worthless to me (the education aspect), focus on the path forward. But at the same time, take it one day at a time otherwise you will burn yourself out and forget to live in the present.

Stay balanced and keep your head up, you seem like a cool dude without knowing anything about you
Dude, lame and sad pretty much encapsulates my adolescence. But most of my friends and I actually really blossomed once we got out of the grind and pressure of high school. We started putting ourselves out there and pursuing the things we loved. I wish this for you—a wonderful and fulfilling life. There is so much more out there.

I’ve also struggled with depression since I was 15. I don’t know if that’s what you’re dealing with or if it’s a more general sense of ennui, but you seem like a really lovely guy and I wish you nothing but the best :)
You have really great hair! You look like such a nice guy. Can’t imagine why you would consider yourself lame. Everyone’s different and we all flourish in different environments. Whoever is making you feel lame doesn’t understand what power you have. That they would make you feel lame reflects so badly on them. Identify the source of the feeling and you will be stronger for it.
Thank you so much, everything you’ve said is just so lovely thank you. I really hope that in the future I can be happier than I am now, a lot in my life has been going downhill lately so I know that it can only be uphill soon. You seem like a pretty amazing person being how kind you are, it is refreshing to have a kind human talk to me, thanks man.
It’s not a problem at all.  I hope things start looking up for you! Life is too short and precious to not be able to enjoy every minute of it. Just always remember how crappy a day might be, the next one might be way better.  It might suck too, but then you never know- the one after that might be the best day EVER. That’s what I always try to remind myself when I get down.  I don’t have many human friends because I’m an introvert and a self imposed hermit,  so I fill my days with the things that bring tons of joy to my life.... like unconditional love from my dogs, adventures in exotic video game lands, and becoming someone else for a little while by reading a great book. When you get too down, sometimes the best distraction is a GOOD distraction.
Your interests make up part of who you are. They can shape your identity, your future, and they're great at keeping incompatible people away. You should never doubt your hobbies and creative interests cuz they're awesome! There's a whole world of people out there into the same stuff, if you ever want friends you'll find em in those communities. You deserve genuine people!
You'll be okay :) I'm sure there are other people who have odd interests too. What are you interested in?
Your interests don’t seem unusual in the slightest! If people shun you over that, then they are definately not worth losing two seconds of sleep over.  You seem like a fantastic person, and if someone can’t see that, then that is their loss. Keep being you, and everything good will all fall into place.
Damn you're the guy that loves rapunzel so much! I love you lol. You're cute as heck! Rapunzel would be lucky to have you.
Take the MBTI personality test and then find the subreddit for your type and connect with those folks and learn about yourself. I’m sure there’s so much to love.
You should study typography! You have a natural knack for writing with flair!
Only the strong have unusual interests, it’s a good sign that you have the courage to carve your own path in life. In the end you will find and attract other strong individuals who can be great supportive partners in life. Don’t change for anyone :)

Plus by the way your chin and mouth look really cool definitely really attractive features - nice shape! In general you’re just really handsome!
Aww, you're absolutely adorable! I would love to be your friend. There's nothing wrong with having unusual interests. It's apart of your character. And if anyone can't accept you for who you are, they aren't good people anyways.
Please keep being yourself. I’m different too, but I always used to mould myself to other people to fit in, for a while it felt great, fitting in with the norm but after a while I realised I wasn’t me anymore and it didn’t feel good even with the popularity. I’m a few months older than you, and I’ve only just come to terms to be myself and it seems people accept me and I’m happy with myself. Please don’t make the same mistake, you seem like a really amazing person, I’m sorry that you don’t have friends, but I for one would’ve been over the moon to have someone with unusual interests as a friend, and I’m sure you’ll find someone like that soon!!
That’s hard having all your friends online. Based on your age I’m assuming your a high school student? Well.  The good news is when you leave HS and can go to college if you want you will meet more people and have a much better chance of finding others who share those interests. Like I found and Anime and a Fencing club at my uni! Who would have thought that would happen!
I do hope I find someone with similar interests soon!
Smartphones, PlayStation gaming, cars and Disney character autographs
Sir yes sir!
Thanks so much!
I’ll give it a look. Thank you for the pointer
Thank you so much! This means a lot to me!
Enjoy your silver!
Anytime pal.
Thank you!
your skin is amazing! its so clear and doesnt even have an blemishes that i can see! such beauty deserves to be seen by the outside world
Your eyes are soo lovely!
You remind me of Claire Danes.  very pretty.
You are all so very nice! Thank you so much for your kind words!!!
Hugs, sweetheart.
Your skin is gorgeous, and I love your hair color! I myself am just coming out he other side of a “haven’t left my house in weeks” episode. There is always light at the end of the tunnel if you know where to look. You are resilient and you kick ass! Feel free to hit me up on here if you ever need to talk!
Nobody has ever complimented me like that before! Thank you so much!!
Agreed!
Thank you!! I needed this confidence boost!!
Once puberty is finished with you, you’ll be a force to be reckoned with. 
You’re still relatively young and will begin to enjoy the little things in life. As time goes on, you’ll become wiser and smarter. You’ll start to make minor adjustments improvements to make yourself a better individual. Dont worry buddy, you’re gonna go far and do just fine
I am also very introverted so naturally i feel very lonely
If she left you after 2 years and she already has another guy than she probably wasn’t going to be worth your time in the long run. Alot women are searching for such commitment from a man and she has now missed out on, from what I can see, one hell of a catch! Those green eyes and red hair! Not to mention the height. Her lose.
Listen you gorgeous gorgeous young lad, fuck her, let her run off with what's his face, she doesnt deserve you, also who are you to not be confident?! Them baby blue eyes! That perfect mousey brown hair! Those adorable ears! You are a beautiful lil snacc that all the girls want, now go out with ya head high, ya chest puffed and show her what a cutie shes missing out on.
You’re super handsome and still so young! Trust me...women LOVE tall men, like, a lot. This girl will be so insignificant later on, I know it’s hard to see now but I promise. Keep moving and living your life...you’re doing great!
Im 16 and feel the exact same. I havent been thru your situation but know that it gets better and it all starts with you. Take a little breathing room and let urself do things you enjoy. Wish u the best and know that that chick didnt deserve u, u seem like a lovely person <3
Yo I'm like in almost the same situation here, except im overweight. It hurts to lose someone you knew, loved, possibly promised a future together, and spent a lot of tine with. I can feel you, right now just worry about yourself, that's what i'm trying to do right now. It's helping a lot, and don't worry about how you look, no one can tell you how you should feel about yourself and your body. I don't know what else to say, but just work on yourself, you still have a future you can work on, don't worry about love right now, it's real tough being alone I understand but just push yourself to your dreams and goals. Also, don't stop searching for the one, because they're looking for you too. I hoped this helped somewhat :) (this is my first time commenting on here, i dont know if i did a good job or something)
As someone who’s in the same tall and skinny club that you’re in I can tell you one hundred percent that a lot of people find that attractive, I’ve struggled with it a lot but there are definitely plus sides to being tall. Also I love your eyes, they make me smile.
Thank you
I come from a very small school, like 120 kids in the school total small.
I was bullied in 7th and 8th grade because of how awkward i was.
So friends at school is difficult. 
For extracurriculars, i play basketball and it is one of the promising things in my life. 
I play travel ball, and have had a couple of colleges contact me showing interest. 
I try to just bury my head into basketball and forget about everything but sometimes it doesn’t help. 
I also have a passion for music, i play guitar and piano. 
So i try to find escape in things. 
Thank you for the kind words and advice <3
Let me just say that i think youre absolutely handsome and i can already tell youre a very lovely person. Any girl would be lucky to have you, dont be sad about her anymore. If you need someone to talk to, im always there :)
Eventually the depressed you will be the past you. Since you've gotten this far, I can tell you'll use that 6'4 frame to kick the old you's ass.
Tall skinny white dude with decent looks. Dude you are living life on easy mode. Just be grateful for what you have and enjoy the small things in life.
You’ll be ok. Man I thought that thing on the wall behind you was part of your hair lol. Phone on low brightness I guess. I was confused
You are 16.

Get to gym - will solve 1) your weight problem (eat and lift and voila - now you are sexy beast. 2) your depressions, since they are probably not as much the result of life events as simply events + hormone problems. Amping up your testosterone and allowing the body to rest more deeply will make you feel like a king. 3) You will thank yourself after about 3-5 years, when you are the only dude with decent body and every girl wants to get into your pants.

&#x200B;

Also you are 16. there are no actual girlfriends at your age, only bi\*\*es you like or would like to kiss. Trust us, old folk, on this. It is MUCH better to get burned at your age, rather than at age 30.

Keep strong and live strong!

&#x200B;

oh wait. we can't give advice on this safe space bullshit subreddit? k. DO NOT APPLY THE ABOVE MENTIONED!
Don’t let it get you too down. There will be many girls that come into your life, some as friends and some as girlfriends, and the pain of this breakup of this relationship will fade and not hurt as much.  

Be happy you are tall! You can reach high-up things short people can’t. I’m short, and I always have to ask tall guys to reach stuff for me. You have a great power (being tall), and with great power, comes great responsibility.... to help short people out whenever they need it!  

Also don’t worry about your height to weight ratio.... as you get even a year or two older things will even out. If you are like some people you may even remember back on the days of thinking you were too skinny fondly, wishing you could be that weight again.    I know I do. ;-)
One day, and I hope it's soon, somethings gunna happen, someone's gunna walk into your life or you're gunna make a directional choice and your life will be more than anything you dreamed it to be. The years you have left aren't gunna know what hit em cuz you're going to excel. I can fucking feel it. You're fighting a battle against depression and that's no easy task, but you aren't alone and I want you to know that. We're all here for you. You're gunna be running so fast into a bright future that shit won't even be able to keep up. You got this, man.
Sweetheart, she was your first love, and it hurts to lose a first love. Missing her is a testament that you invested feelings  --- that means you have a lot to give. You'll eventually meet a gal who invests the same in you. 

You probably have one more growth spurt in you and you'll fill out. I bet you'll go back to your high-school reunion and make the mean-girls drool.
First loves are hard to get over. But you are young, will fill out, you are decent looking, and you will have your pick of many a fine and accomplished girl. 

You have a lot going for you, and just remember, when you are at your lowest, the only way is up.
You're 16. That's a hard time for anyone. Life gets SO much better as you get older. Stick in there man. You got lots of good years ahead of you.
Dude...relax.  You'll fill that frame out and the girls will be swarming all over you!!
Don't worry, you're still 16. You still have a little bit of puberty left. You're already very handsome. 6'4 is a really good height for a male. One that most ladies find very preferable. Trust me, by the time puberty is over with, ladies will be flocking after you. And there's nothing wrong with being slender. Most guys are. You may actually gain a bit of weight after puberty. 

Point is, you're a one of a kind gem, and there isn't anything wrong with you. You're very handsome, and just keep your head up, and smile. And if you ever need to talk, the Reddit community will gladly listen to such a handsome young man.
Hit the gym now and make your ex gf regret it. 6’3 150? I’m damn near the same but I’m shredded to a T. Just lift heavy and get protein, if you want to get jacked eat carbs, I prefer the cut look so I avoid carbs. I’d stay away from preworkout and anabolics though. I wish I took my own advice when I was your age. I didn’t until I was 24. My relationship was 6 years tho. She still hasn’t found another guy but idc I wish her all the happiness in the world, because I’m stupid confident now.
You don't look skinny at all. You look like my (likely soon to be) boyfriend. I'm suffering from depression as well and I can say that as men we don't get taken as seriously about these thing. I just want to say stay strong. Puberty might not be over yet but neither is the world. Keep fighting my brother.
Thank you so much!
Thank you so much for the kind words
Thank you so much, this community has helped so much
Trust me dude, you'll fill out. If you don't have the patience, start lifting. You'll be a monster. As far as the gal goes, sorry to hear that. Everyone will tell you you'll find a better one, but you don't want a better one. I get it. Time heals all, and you have a lot of it. Focus on the things you love, accept the things you can't change, and you'll be fighting them off. Happiness attracts happiness. Try to find it in yourself first, and your relationships will start to be much more full. You got this!
6'4" and a good looking guy? Dude, you are gonna slay, that sh!t WILL happen. Lift, eat clean with lots of protein, Jesus you'll put on 40lbs of good lean muscle easy. 
As others have noted, women REALLY like tall guys (see the disgruntled people in r/Tinder if you doubt) and you won that genetic lotto.

The self confidence thing? That's being 16; ALMOST entirely unavoidable. Smile a lot (even if you are just faking it 3/4 of the time), laugh at yourself and be extremely kind, even if those around you aren't. People, including girls, will notice and you're playing the long-game.
You Sir, are gonna be JUST fine.
Bro you got this and don’t worry about that people shit.
I’m 14 and you can use your 6’4 frame to kick that hoe’s ass if you have to, fuck her!
Thank you ;)
Best comment, so agree with you
I do not know what school is like for you, but choose just a few friends to get close with if you can. It will be tough to open up to them if it is a new friendship, but don't spread yourself too thin. With you being introverted (although I do not like those types of labels too much), choosing a few friends wisely will mean you can make a deeper connection without having to overexert yourself. Like is hard, but there are little things in life that make all the difference. Next time you are taking a walk, observe all the plants growing through cracked concrete. Even though life holds them back and they are stepped on, they are resilient and make the best out of what they have. It is quite beautiful to think about and I know you can do the same. Do not ignore your feelings and talk to a school counselor if you need to. Good luck with everything and know that this is just the beginning and high school will NOT define you. Focus on your studies too and doing extracurricular activities (this does not have to be sports, it can be volunteer work at a food bank, hospital, homeless shelter, ect). It will help boost your resume and get you into a good college of that is what you want to do. :)
Introverted is better. Embrace it
Thank you so much! Your words mean a lot to me!
Thank you so much, i knew once i found this community i needed to post. Your words mean a lot to me, even for your first time commenting ;)
Omg tall, athletic AND you can play guitar? Seriously that girl was an idiot!
This made me smile! Thank you
Thank you so much
Thank you so much!
No problem, I just got out of my comfort zone a little since I saw something I could relate to. Glad I could help :)
Lol thank you so much
Haha thought you might take offense lol. Yeah man enjoy the small things once I got older and out of several bouts of depression and anxiety I realized things, things you might not see before like enjoying a coffee at a nice cafe, a sunset on a random weekday, a convo with a friend you haven’t seen in awhile . Maybe it’s a drive you’ve taken a thousand times in a depressed haze, but you realize how beautiful the trees are and how lucky it is to not be in a war torn country or homeless. Little things become what makes the bigger picture brighter. But i am drunk so wtf am I talking about lol
Well fuck that, you dont deserve that, no one does. I found out about gaslighting recently and it is Bullshit! You deserve someone who wants you! 
   Keep your pretty chin up! You will be okay!
Ma'am you have one of most kind, gentle, and nurturing faces I've ever seen.  It comes as no surprise to me that you're an elementary school teacher.  I bet your students adore you so much that they were sad for the school year to end.  You're as precious a gift to any suitor as you are to your students, and if a gentleman can't see that, then he's dumber than a box of rocks.  For what it's worth, in you ever want a friend to talk to, my PMs are always open.
Well, ma’am, you seem to be a good person who deserves a bit more than what he gave you. Regardless of whatever he’s got going on, it’s not worth losing you. Best thing for you to do is let everything run its course and find someone better. I’m sorry you’re in such a sucky situation and good luck in the future. Btw you look quite nice.
Okay this might seem odd but I absolutely LOVE your hair. Specifically that rad swoosh. It's really cool and I wish I could coerce my hair into doing that, lmao. Also the color is really pretty. :)
Your ex was an absolute jerk, and you definitely don't deserve that kind of treatment (no one does). Also, he lost tf out. You're beautiful, have lovely hair, and your lippie game? On point. That shade of red suits you perfectly and I'm gonna have to up my game to get my red lippie to look that cool on me!
Bruh whoever dude is he’s trippin. Idk why he wouldn’t be ready, you seem like a one in one, he let go of a good one.
Madam you are gorgeous! I’m sure any guy would be lucky to have you and to treat you right. As cliche as it is there truly are many fish in the sea and don’t let this bad one take you down.
You’re killing it with that red lip stick! And your hair is a marvel all its own. Sweet kind eyes...12/10 easy!
One of the best things about getting out of a relationship like that is when the positivity starts to trickle back in. When it does- don’t question it. Make yourself proud and own that shit. Look in the mirror and admit how beautiful you are. When you feel deep down that you’re worthy and strong and lovable, believe it because you are.
You’re so beautiful, you’re worth so much more than that piece of garbage. Keep your head up my friend because you are super pretty and guys should be treating you like a princess. No one deserves to be with an abusive human and you are much better off without that prick holding you back!
That's just horrible! You look beautiful and kind, you deserve more than that and that man should go it shit for being such a toxic partner to you.
It's a good thing that you at least know you were gaslighted, because now you can start going up and knowing your worth! Don't worry. You seem like a very kind and amazing person. Try and be the version of you you can love the most
Just went through the same thing! So keep going! Never feel worthless about what someone is doing to you. It’s more about them. Once you step away from that kind of person you will feel a whole lot better. Remove them quickly from all aspects of your life because if you don’t they will come back and keep trying.
In a little while, all you'll feel is compassion for the girl you were who had to learn the hard way that you deserve soooooo much better. There are plenty of other guys with good hearts that go mad for cool chicks with a 50's movie star dramatic beauty.
You are beautiful,and as much as it hurts right now it sounds like you have dodged a bullet, and avoided months if not years of potential abuse! 

You seem like a smart , good person, and I love  your hair!!  Hang in there.
You are a very gorgeous and strong woman! I also love your eyes!! They are the color of an evergreen forest just after the sunset. Keep your chin up and know that your self worth does not depend on other peoples opinions. You are worth it and you are perfect in every way. One day, someone will realize your worth (you are priceless) and they will cherish you and treat you like you deserve. Wishing you the best and I hope the cracks in your heart are filled with gold as every day you grow, the details in life make you more beautiful and unique. <3
You’re beautiful! Your makeup/skin is amazing. I hope you find someone who treats you better.
there's a lot of guys out there who'd love to be gas lighted by you, that warm feeling you're having is knowing that you're a better person than him and wouldn't wish it on anyone.
Jealous of your hair
I’ve been gaslighted before. I hope you’re doing okay.
His loss really
You're fucking worth it! That guy missed out on being with a beautiful person and he will regret it for the rest of his life. You deserve the world and you find someone new who will give it to you.
I am in awe of your hair colour and your lipstick. You look amazing! Idiot douche making you feel crazy and worthless, he stupid. Some people just don't know a good thing when they have it.
You look gorgeous my friend
It is not your fault that this happened and you did not deserve any of it. You are lovely, you deserve better and I believe in you!
Honestly, you are absolutely gorgeous and your hair colour is simply stunning!
I'm sorry you had to go through that! 

&#x200B;

You'll be all right soon! You look beautiful and I absolutely love your red hair and your hairstyle :) Wish I could pull off a similar hairstyle.
You're beautiful and your X lost a good woman.
You are a gorgeous being, inside and out. Don’t let trash dudes like this ruin what you have going for you. Let karma do its thing and watch it bite your trash ex’s ass. 

Can’t mention this enough but you are beautiful. That post break up glow is strong. Keep thriving!
I love your style starting off with your hair and the makeup, it feels you well you look very pretty. You also look very fit, and that should not be taken for granted(I can't seem to lose weight at all), you rock your whole style!
What is gaslighted?
You're beautiful! Don't ever let someone make you feel or try to convince you that you're crazy. I've been through this too and as cliche as it sounds, it'll get better :) I hope for the best for you!
girl fuck him!!! his loss!! you are so beautiful and kind, you deserve so much better than that. blessings in disguise man i’m telling you!! you’re going to flourish and be so great without him!! i know it’s hard now but i promise it’s gonna get better
You are beautiful and will be better off without people who play games with your mind. 


Someone who actually values you will come along in time and you will be shocked you ever put up with some insecure persons BS. 


The change always feels a bit strange and empty but like a spilled glass of water, you can refill it how you please.
You’re fucking gorgeous. That hair and makeup! He’s missing out and didn’t deserve you in the first place. You’ll be okay.
Im pretty much in the same boat rn so feel free to pm me if you wanna talk.
Gaslighting is no joke... honestly fuck that guy!   


You seem pretty chill though... loving your hair and the kind of retro style you seem to have.   


His loss to be perfectly honest with you!
You are a unique and striking beauty! <3
It’s his loss. You deserve better. Someone that will appreciate you for the wonderful person I’m sure you are.  You are lovely, and have gorgeous hair and I adore that shade of lipstick!
You’re beautiful and your lipstick color is perfect!! Fuck your ex. You’re a jewel.
I think the hair takes you from 'gorgeous' to 'drop dead gorgeous'!
Gaslighting is one of the worst psychological things someone can go through. But look at you, you look amazing, you're aware of their bullshit, youre free from their selfish crap... you deserve good things!!
Yo dude my ex did the same thing to me. We are better off without them!!! Strong! Independent! We are fucking awesome!
You have the shiniest hair on the planet.
Goddamn, that's the hair of my dreams
I’m really sorry. I went through something similar and it really sucks, but you’ll get out of it stronger and wiser. 
Just remember, you’re worth it and you deserve a good, caring and loving bf that treats you right. 
Fuck your ex!

Edit: damn girl! That’s some lovely hair you have!! That colour really suits you!!
First of all, your scarlet hair works wonders on the dark background. I think it’s a marvelous complement of colors. I like your tattoo on your left arm. It must be significant to you and you are very brave for getting one. I couldn’t do that. Secondly, you are worthy of kind people. You deserve to be loved and cherished by positive people in your life. You are brave for recognizing your ex’s intentions and for walking away. A toast to the courageous scarlet-haired woman!
Your hair is so FREAKING pretty and shiny!!
I love your username, and that lipstick looks awesome on you! 

&#x200B;

Don't let this guy get you down- he is a waste of time. If a person gaslights you, they don't deserve to be in your life. Gaslighting, as someone who has experienced it, sucks.  You are not crazy or worthless. You will overcome this obstacle because you are a valued human being who is awesome. 

&#x200B;

Just remember that this too shall pass.
Holy shit. NOBODY as beautiful (and probably kind and wonderful) as you deserves to be treated like that. I WISH I could do my hair and makeup like that, spot on. But yeah, I know how it feels to be strung along for ages. It gets better, trust me. <3
Your ex sounds like a dumpster fire and I'm glad you got out! You look like a kind and warm person so I'm sure there are better days (and better people!!) ahead for you!
God I love your hair. That might be my next haircut. I’m not kidding.
Cool face
The last Time i had to Say the Exact same sentence it was 4years ago 
And on this monday WE will celebrate our 3 years being married 
It does not mean that the same will happen to you
But ... Who knows
Good luck
Are you bajoran?
im sorry about the pain youre going through. i wish i could say something to make it okay, or to make you feel better. but you may need to just feel this. i know i did.

you are truly beautiful. you wear your heart on your sleeve and thats so brave. 

ive never seen anyone pull off hoop earrings like you do.
Fuck him, you don't deserve someone as exhausting as him. I know how it feels to be dragged along in a relationship. But you will find your strength and keep moving forward! (Also: your hair looks so smooth and love? What shampoo do you use? Lol)
I don't typically comment on these, just lurk, but you are stunning! Your nose is so long and defined, lips are so RED  and your HAIR. 

Ugh. I'm just. 

Awestruck. 

Sorry if that came off awkward or weird.
The world is full of people and full of love. If that guy didn’t appreciate you that’s fine, although it hurts, it’s better he get out of the way. Now you are free to meet someone better. You’re not crazy or worthless, you’re a good person who deserves more. You stand in the mirror and you shout it until you believe it, you deserve more!
The world is full of people and full of love. If that guy didn’t appreciate you that’s fine, although it hurts, it’s better he get out of the way. Now you are free to meet someone better. You’re not crazy or worthless, you’re a good person who deserves more. You stand in the mirror and you shout it until you believe it, you deserve more!
I am in LOVE with your hair!!
Amazing makeup. Amazing hair colour. You genuinely look like a nice and fun person. You don’t need that piece of shit. Stay strong. I know how you feel.
You are amazing!  The fact that you can recognize the toxicity of your relationship will help you move on to a better life.   You are beautiful.  Don't ever let anyone's treatment de-value you.
Think of it this way:  you dodged a bullet.  Imagine if he tricked you into marrying him and the gaslighting continued in different forms for the rest of your life?  You deserve better than that.  Get back out there and the right guy will find you and cherish you.
You got out! Congratulations! This could have been a much bigger mess. I know it hurts, but with each relationship you’re learning what to avoid. You’re beautiful, and deserving of a true partner.
You look beautiful and I hope you feel better soon, what he did was wrong.
I love your hair color and your smile. So pretty!
You are smart and intuitive because you know that the way that you were being treated was wrong and less than you deserve. You deserve all the happiness in the world because you are worthy (and you are worthy just for being YOU and no one can ever take that away from you!). 

You are also so brave and it seems like you work hard to take care of yourself because you reached out for encouragement when you were feeling low. I can learn a lot from your strength of character and I wish you all the very best.
You are not crazy or worthless. Never let anyone try to define you. You look like a strong beautiful person <3 you got this. I hope you find happiness for yourself and heal from any hurt you've endured.
Nobody deserves to be lied to or lead on, but it seems like there are many dishonest and toxic users in the world.  The culture accepts that as the norm instead of punishing that behavior. 

Sorry for your pain.
You're beautiful and deserve better. Simple as that.
The only worthless person here is your ex. Trust me, I can tell you have gold in your heart.
Ah. Freedom. Freedom to let your wonderful self fly. Enjoy.
You are gorgeous. Nobody is worthless. Don’t let love bring you down.
Girl, forget him. You look like Marilyn Monroe with red hair. You're beautiful. Go out and find another man that loves you for you
Been there!!! Just had something similar happen to me. You’re worth so much more than that bullshit. No one should have to put up with that. Keep your head up high and know that you’re better off without him. Onto bigger and better things! Plus you’re beautiful and that hair is amazing.
To put up with gaslighting and find the strength to realize it’s not your fault is a courage and amazing thing. I’m so sorry you had to go through that. It’s terrible. You are strong and beautiful. Good things are coming your way!
You have fucking brilliant hair. Jealous!
Your hair is soooo shiny and volumous, your nails look done prettily, too and that golden jewellery looks great with that green shirt. We can seethat you take well care of yourself and it looks great on you :)
We wish the best for you
Gaslighting is some crazy trickery fuckery! I'm sorry that happened to you , just know that there are good people still on this crazy sphere we live on. You are beautiful and have a beautiful heart.
You are very pretty and I love your hair color!!!
You are beautiful. You are strong. You don’t deserve him baby.
oh my gosh you look like a renaissance painting you’re breathtaking
I can be your dreamboat.
What a friggen jerk - you definitely deserve better than that. You’re so gorgeous and I love your hair! Stay strong, hunny
Are you the ex?
It's awful. Not my first rodeo though. I knew to get out sooner rather than later. I know I'll be okay but it's nice to hear from someone else :) thank you!
Well thank you
Thank you. I'm glad it's over honestly, ready to rebuild myself and start anew. :)
I was thinking the exact same! Best swoosh I've seen in a long time for sure
Thanks so much. I'm trying not to let it get me down. He won't win this one.
His number is deleted, and he's blocked from every aspect of my life. I hope we both find what we're looking for!
Serious question...what  is "gaslighting"?
As someone who has said “she won’t win this”

My advice to you is...let them win. It’s his perception anyways. If he gaslighted you, he already thinks he won. Let go of this guy and never come back.

Now once you’ve let him go (I hate this metaphor), but play a new game and win that. Maybe one day your games will cross paths and he will see he lost. You won’t convince him he didn’t win though, he will have to convince himself, so prove it.
I hope so to! I now take this as experience and the first signs of it from anyone I might date I back out immediately. Some say I need to give more people chances but once it happens you generally know the signs in others! Good luck to you!
Former gaslightee here.

The dictionary definition:

> manipulate (someone) by psychological means into doubting their own sanity.

From wikipedia:

> Using persistent denial, misdirection, contradiction, and lying, gaslighting involves attempts to destabilize the victim and delegitimize the victim's belief.

So far, so academic.

Let's say you love somebody. Like, are married to them or going to marry them. So you trust them with your life.

And that person says something offensive. And you're like "wait what no, you can't say that."

And they say "I didn't say that."

And you say: "but you just did."

"No I didn't. How DARE you suggest I'd say THAT?"

That's gaslighting. They are telling you that you imagined the thing. And you trust them with your life so.. well.. I guess they must be right? So you start to doubt your own perceptions.

And it happens again and again. It's not always instant. The thing might have happened weeks ago. And you say "that's not what you said last month" and you repeat what they said verbatim. And they look puzzled and say "I never said THAT". Things which you remember witnessing very clearly are denied, and you are accused of making it up. If it was done by somebody you didn't trust with your life, you'd call them an asshole and move on.

But this person is absolutely trustworthy. They wouldn't lie. So you start to believe that your memory is faulty or your perceptions are. You have to rely on this person to tell you what is real, now, because clearly your perceptions are wrong.

The penny starts to drop when you talk to friends who were there and they say "yeah, but they DID say that." At first you think there's a reasonable explanation, but those friends are usually denounced as liars or discredited in another way. Eventually, I worked it out: she had woven a complicated tissue of lies which contradicted itself. When the contradictions were highlighted, she became violent.

To a lesser degree, you can see this behaviour in politicians who clearly state one thing on TV and then a few weeks or days or even hours later, they claim that they never said any such thing. Trump is a great gaslighter. Really good at it. So is Farage and Boris Johnson, here in the UK.
I want to know that too!
Thank you for the thorough explanation.  It is very appreciated.
It's a psychological manipulation technique. People who gaslight spin things to make you question your sanity. It's emotionally abusive behavior. There's more to it than that, but this is a general overview.
https://www.reddit.com/r/toastme/comments/c35i8x/my_ex_broke_my_heart_saying_hes_not_ready_for_a/erqi73b/
Welcome. Thanks for asking!
Doesn't it usually include turning every single argument or issue into your fault? Basically when they do something fucked up they find a way to turn it on you.
There’s also the movie Gaslight from the 1940s I believe where the term originated. Great movie if you’re into black and white suspense films!
Thank you
Everyone in this photo is 100% amazing except the cowboy trying to shoot you
Nice beard bro! Your beard will bring you much good fortune. Jk just made that up but really nice beard though I’m jealous!
Damn bruh you look mega intelligent
You’re okay boah.
I like the glasses they look almost like mine, also nice hair man
You look an incredible man full of intrigue.  I especially love your hair, your glasses, and your posters in the background.
Ferocious intelligence in those eyes
Lmao didnt notice the angle was perfect
Hello from a 30-year-old who had to move back home too! At the end of the day, it’s a smart move. Having place to stay while you save money & get back on your feet is actually pretty great! As for the single thing— you’re really quite handsome & I’m sure lots of people are taking notice. You just haven’t met the right one for you yet :)
You look like you'd be a really good listener and someone to chill with, just listening to music or talking about random things. 

You also have very nice hands.
Sorry about the run of bad luck. Hope it turns around for you soon. Keep trying to find the upside to everything, that always helps me.
Yo man!  You obviously want to feel better and that’s the first step to digging out of the trenches....I have anxiety too and that shit can be so bad it sucks the joy out of any little thing...

It’s really hard to hear advice like “count your blessings, look on the bright side, be grateful for what you do have”. When you’re life is imploding and you’re anxious and feel like shit and are lonely!  

The good news is you can feel better, the bad news is it doesn’t just happen it takes a little work on your part....When you’re anxious and depressed it’s easy to dwell in those thoughts and moods and dwelling makes it even worse our minds are so smart they develop these thought pattern “roadways” in our brains that say “ok I’m sad I know sad we gonna be sad for two weeks now”...let yourself be anxious and sad about the girl the jobs the living situations and then let those feelings go...don’t hold on to them...move on, you’re here now if you don’t like here start doing things to dig out.  

Start practicing letting go, living in the moment, being mindful, take your mind off autopilot, break habits, start doing things different, walk different routes take different roads go different places take yourself to a movie you normally wouldn’t go to, read a book outside, shake it up man!  You can do it but it takes work!  Good luck dude (from a fellow broke, lonely, anxious yet mending dude)
Hey! Just coming out of my dark place. Divorced, lost my job, had to move in with a friend. My days got pretty dark. Just last week I found an awesome new job, and will be moving into my own place in a few weeks. Hang in there - the storm does pass. And please don’t retreat into your head alone, consider therapy. And if you can’t afford it, try the free therapy apps like 7 Cups of Tea or Talk Space. They were my lifesavers at times. You’ve got this.
I know what this is like, just stick with it. It's not much but as many times as it takes, get back up eventually things will have to work out because your too much of a badass
Thing is dude, you are a rare. I’m guessing that music moves you in a way that most people may not understand. It’s hard to find like-minded people to jive with but don’t give up. It will happen for you. I know it’s tough sometimes but keep your chin up and eyes open.
Your glasses are really nice,and I love your nose piercing.
There is no shame in moving back home with your folks. My daughter is feeling the same way, but it is very common in certain countries, where a great emphasis is placed on the value of a close family bond.  I know it is awful losing a job, but you  will get a new job.... and maybe even like it better then the previous one.  And being single can be hard. But it can also be a blessing. You can do a lot of stuff that single people find it harder to do..... like you don’t have to coordinate schedules with someone else,  worry about if you do something that they don’t like or approve of, you don’t have to pretend to like their annoying friends, etc.
As cliche as it is to say, when you hit the bottom the only direction you can go from there is up. You be hit hard times and the emotional weight can feel crushing, but just know that every day from here on out you have so much power and strength in you to step forward. There's no shame in moving back in with the parents. In this day and age we gotta do what we gotta do, ya know? But it's all temporary. I hope brighter days come for you soon.
I read you're the guy who people vent with. You really don't have to deal with that. It's good, maybe you don't have a problem with it but sometimes is exhausting. That's doesn't make you less of a good guy.
You seem a little innocent, but you're cute and sounds like everything that's been happening is just bad luck. Don't worry, things will get better, just add a little more confidence and set some boundaries and you're good to go. I promise you things will get better
I mean I’m glad my parents are letting me crash there again, but it’s in no way where I wanted to be at my age. Even single for that matter. I’d hoped by now someone could have tolerated me enough to be with me. I’m not hard to be with really. Just have lots of quirks and anxieties. Still it all depresses me.  Leaves me feeling like a failure lately. My degree in music seems to mean nothing to employers. So all the jobs I get calls for are low pay ones outside my field. I just few so lost. 

Thank you for your comment though
It’s hard. I mean I managed to get a job working Bonnaroo selling lemonade this past weekend, and I spent 90% of my time with headphones on and not talking to people. I’m a musician yet haven’t been in a band because I’m so anxious and afraid of letting someone else hear my music and be aware of my flaws and stuff.. 

I’d love to just say fuck you to the girl and move on, but I can’t. I’m still very much in love with her and she gives me these weird little hints that we might one day be together. Part of me wants that, and the other half wants to walk away and say sorry you already rejected me and I’m not coming back.. but then I think fuck I’ll be totally alone. 

Every day I wish my best friend was still around. I’d have someone to vent these things to and he’d always give great advice. Hell I wouldn’t be who I am today had it not been for him. He def made me feel cool and less crazy as a teen. I wish I could say I was as good of a friend as he was to me, but I really feel I wasn’t..  now the closest people to me are my family and a few exes. But I never let anyone that close emotionally anymore.
Right now Reddit’s kind of my therapy lol  that and lots of memes and PBR.
Thanks. I’m def the guy everyone vents to. So much it makes me want to hide away and shutdown a lot. I don’t mind it, but even I don’t realize how much it drains me. I never have another I can turn to to do the same.
Was an ugly multistarrer mess.
I don’t think it’s where anyone wants to be. I have a lot of mental issues myself & I get down on myself on the regular for where I’m at in life. Got dumped by who I thought I was going to marry a year ago. So at least you’re not alone, eh?
So, background:

Favorite uncle diagnosed with terminal brain cancer 2015. The week after Easter.

A year of helping his husband care for him, through 2 brain surgeries and partial paralysis. 

During this time, my husband's addiction to pain pills spiraled out of control. We caught him stealing meds from my terminally ill uncle.

Divorce.

My uncle died in 2016.

I was literally the lowest I've ever been. Ever. I hated my job. I hated that I was so miserable. Everything hurt.

3 years later... I'm in the best,  healthiest,  happiest relationship I've ever had. I quit my garbage job. Am working on finishing the degree i started in 2005. Just landed a really amazing new job. I'm happier than I can remember ever being. 

My point is that sometimes you have to wade through the shit... but there is an end. Chin up. It's rough out there,  but you can do it. Good luck.
Dude, I'm in the exact same boat but my husband left me (i love him with all my stupid heart, too). I moved over 1000 miles because i had no place to go except my parent's... i know no other people here. I've never been so depressed. I haven't even found a decent job yet and I'm almost out of what little savings i had. I'm 33, unemployed, soon to be divorced, depressed as fuck, living in my parent's basement... and honestly I'm terrified. I have no idea what to do next. I'm starting over and i hate every single second of it. Sorry i don't have any encouraging words or promises that shit gets better- but do know that i totally feel you and i guess we're not alone.
Well, seeing from your post history that you just got out of a relationship, it's good to take things slowly.
Yea man I hear you one hundred percent.  Love is a wonderful thing yet a bitch too...if she’s stringing you along for your own sake bounce and move on...it’s prob not what you want to hear but it’s the reality.  You seem like a cool dude, be ok with starting over and spending time with your cool ass self.  Don’t look at it as oh my god I’m alone look at it as, ok sweet I can save up some money work on myself, work on some music and relax!  

A girl will be drawn to your positivity and good attitude...trusssssst me from experience girls dont want the sad mope, people are attracted to confidence and self worth and value..

Now I know what you’re going to say, I don’t have those qualities Bc I’m anxious as fuck all the time.  That might be true and I know what that feels like, but you almost have to fake it till you make it....you’ve been telling yourself these negative things for years I’m assuming.... try telling yourself something different....say “damn I am a dope musician, people will like to hear this, I can get these jobs I want, I can find an apartment and a girl who won’t string me along”

I was lucky enough to find a dope therapist and for anxiety as counter intuitive as it sounds you have to lean in to the fear....it’s called “flooding” so whatever makes you anxious, go fucking do thst shit man it’s not going to kill you, and once you do it and survive it’s hold on you diminishes....otherwise you keep making your box smaller and smaller and smaller until you’re agoraphobic and never leave the house.....so don’t be afraid man, do one thing a week that makes you anxious as fuck and it will slowly become less powerful 

Also I’m sorry to hear about your friend, that shit sucks too on top of everything else to feel that void, but like I said before rather than think about how sad it is he’s gone try to think about how lucky you were to be his homie while he was here....easy advice to give and harder to live by....I hope things get better man if you work at it it will if you don’t it won’t, gotta break the patterns!  As the stoics say “blow your own nose” translating to rescue yourself
You shouldn't let them put their negative feelings on to you if they won't let you do the same :( that's shitty people. You need to remember you're not a psychologist, you're a human too with emotions. You should be allowed to talk about you with them as well.
Yea I guess there’s that. I knew I wasn’t, but still felt like it at times. I was pretty scared just to post this on here.
Well it wasn’t quite a relationship I guess. More like me in love with someone who just played head games. Before that person it was April 28th 2018 when I had my last date. Just sucks to feel so lonely and having my world crumble around
You’d think lol it doesn’t bother me much though.
Well, if you need to vent. Even if you don't know me, you can dm me. No one should feel like they don't have someone to tell their shit to. It's an ugly feeling
don't worry about love, hun! you'll find your partner one day. i know people who didnt find love until they were 60, but when they found it, it was true love. don't give up! you're gorgeous, love!
I am so sorry you are feeling your depression creeping back up. I know eactly how that feels, and it can be the scariest feeling. Don’t let it trick you into feeling worthless, unloved, or doubtful about your job. That is just the depression trying to con you into thinking all those thing are true, when they are not. You are beautiful and have so much to offer to all those around you, don’t forget that.
Hey, hang in there love.
You’re so much more capable than you feel right now  - you’ve earned your place in your career, nobody can take that validation from you. You deserve to be there, and you deserve to be proud of yourself for what you’ve accomplished
Waiting til I'm 60 sounds awful. Lol. But I do know that it's better than settling for someone I don't love, I've been there and it's not ideal.
Talking to someone else is a great idea. I'm often scared to do so though because I'm worried they'll confirm my fears :/ One of my best friends works with me, if I ever work up the nerve she'd be the one to ask.

I'm really trying the being alone thing. Sometimes I like just spending time with me, it's more that I've grown kind of dependent on the temporary validation of being with someone. Of course, that clearly hasn't gone the way I'd want up to this point, so it's just a really shitty cycle. My non-depression-clouded mind knows you're right though lol, so thank you. :)
I know, and it's frustrating to believe both of those things simultaneously. Like, come on brain, pick a side!
Thank you. I have, in fact, put a lot of work in to be where I am in my career. And I need to remember that.
You have intense eyes filled with passion. Whatever you focus them on, you’ll bring an intense drive and determination that will help you succeed.
Pancake is the best bro, smart choice for a name. And well people roast anybody who is not standard. But standard people don't change anything in the world. Peace bro, keep being awesome!
Your completion is beautiful!!! I love your skin tone.
You have great eyebrows that some people probably just wish they had! Plus ur probably a really chill dude to hangout with.
I see you’re not a pancake guy. You like bread? Nah nah nah you like toast. I bet you like toast. I like toast. We like toast. Ever had toasted garlic bread? That ones my favorite. What’s your favorite toast?
well you look like a pretty cool guy to me brother
Another fellow pancake hater....great minds think alike...youre going places, friend
You look like a really chill person and someone who's got some really cool insights about life! Also, you have these really soulful eyes, and you're wearing the best color shirt, in my opinion.
Lovely eyes and looks like you’re about to smile - I love that! Here’s to getting more toasty and less roasty!
I like that your sign is essentially a little story about breakfast preferences.  “No, I would not like any pancakes.  Bring me toast immediately!”
I absolutely love your username!!
You have beautiful soulful eyes. I know it’s just my opinion, but I think brown eyes are the best. My favorite by far.  You have a gorgeous complexion, and that blue shirt really shows it off. And who doesn’t love curly hair?
Keep your head up, bro. That's all you can do. Also, dope coat hanger in the background. I haven't seen an old school one in years.
You have been roasted before but yet here you are kicking ass every single day. You have survived every obstacle that has tried to make you stumble so far. 

You also have a kindness about your face that just seems like you are a nice person to talk to and I wish you all the best.
You look smart with kind eyes even when not smiling which is rare.
You have kind eyes and beautiful skin! Be comfortable in it and f*ck the naysayers!
You have lovely eyes! And you look like you could teach people everything about literally anything.
My name is an inside joke. An FB friend (before I deactivated my account) said that anyone who didn't like pancakes was a terrible person, basically. So I decided to troll her and say that I hate pancakes. I thought of that event when signing up here. My username on some apps is ihatepancakes88 lol
I ONLY like pancakes if they're made correctly. If they're burnt in any way I'll refuse to eat them.
It's a username that started with trolling an online acquaintance lol
I was going to say something similar. OP you look like you’d kick ass at a lot of things
Oh haha that’s great
Thats some +4 ac shit right there
First of all, that armor is AWESOME! Second, you are the envy of my teenaged self because ***armor!*** Third, amazing taste in band shirts. And last, your hair and your glasses are really cool. All in all, you are the ultimate badass, and deserve nothing but happiness and respect for making such a wicked amazing choice in promwear!
Time to go medieval and show everyone what it takes to be Queen.
Not being American I don’t know much about this prom stuff but I assume it envolves a date. And I must say that you in that armor would be the hottest date I could ever imagine. Just wow!
That's some +100charisma armor if I've ever seen some
That's kinda amazing! Wish there had have been girls in armour at my prom. Hope you have a great time! X
Cool glasses
You look amazing, like you could kick ass and no one would know what hit them. I love your glasses and your hair. Your over-all look makes me think you must be a very cool person.
Own it, have fun, you will be memorable and so awesome. Hopefully for those who don't "get it" at prom, they will some day realize that YOU ruled! No regrets, have an AMAZING TIME!!!!!
You are badass! I wish I had been awesome enough to do that. Get some good pictures!
Kurt Cobain would’ve been honored to see you support his music. 

You’re a fashion icon .

Stay true, you’re brilliant, and love your hair .
Go get ‘em queen!!!
I admire you so much for that!!!
You look like you’re ready to do battle with Scott pilgrim! Kick his ass!
I wish I had your confidence when I was your age! You are fan-fucking-tastic and you are rocking tf out of that armor!
Thank you so much :)
Everyone deserves a toast! You don’t look like an asshole and there’s nothing wrong with being skinny! I’m sorry you’re having a rough time. Making friends is difficult but you’ll find your people once you’ve been there long enough. Also, that’s a cool jacket! Best of luck!!
Don't be so down on yourself man! You look slim, not skinny and even if you are super thin that shouldn't define your self worth and won't have any bearing on people finding you attractive :)
 Your handwriting is very neat, you have to great jawline and your hair looks super thick and lush :D
 I really hope you can find some friends soon and settle in but remember to be your own friend first.
 Good luck bud.
Hey buddy. Sounds like you're having a rough time with moving to a new place and maybe taking it out on yourself. You absolutely don't look like an asshole just a bit sad. On a more superficial note, you have a great set of eyebrows and a good sense of humor based on your username.I hope you get to see that you're being very harsh on yourself.
It can suck to be away from home but see it as a new opportunity to learn and grow. Me all can be annoying sometimes and maybe it’s just incompatibility with those people as you all have grown up. Learn to love your body now because becoming “perfect” aesthetically will not change how you feel about yourself emotionally. You are worthy of love and friendship.
You just moved...ofc you dont have any friends yet! Tbh if you were an asshole you definetley wouldn't be so hard on yourself and would probably blame others instead. You seem like a really nice guy that I would try and be friends with...best of luck in your new town....youre going to kill it!
I too moved away from home town recently. It’s tough finding new friends. What helps me stay positive is feeling like I’m working towards something better. Try finding something and get to work! Maybe that could be finding a job, studying like going to college, maybe nutrition? Maybe hit the gym? (Which btw, don’t feel bad about being slim. All you’d have to do to bulk up is to eat more. And food is good. It tastes good. I like food.)
Thank you. Making friends has always been difficult for me if I’m being truthful. I’ve been living here a year, (I know I didn’t clarify that so I apologize) but I still haven’t made many friends aside from maybe one. But thanks for the kind words. My jacket thanks you as well lol
Funny enough I’ve always been told the contrary regarding my handwriting. The only reason it looks the way it does is because I made each letter bolder so it was easier to see in the picture. But thank you anyway. I don’t often get complimented, even back then, but one time at work this girl told me that I kind of looked like Elvis because of the jacket I was wearing and my hair. I personally didn’t see it but I appreciated her compliment anyway. Anyways, thanks again for the kind words and I hope to find some friends too. I don’t usually like being hard on myself but it’s hard not to sometimes because I’m always getting told that I’m doing this and that wrong, that I shouldn’t look like this or wear that or look this way because I’d look weird. But I’ll try to be nicer to myself. Good luck to whatever it is you might need it for as well!
Yeah I guess I have been in a rough spot lately. Also thank you. I can be funny once every other Friday lol. I know I can be harsh towards myself but most of it comes from what other people tell me. I suppose I shouldn’t worry about what most people have to say but some of it comes from my own relatives. It’s rough trying to like yourself when no one else seems to sometimes. I know now that that’s not always entirely true, but at times it seems like it. But I digress. Thanks again :)
That’s true. I suppose I never thought of it that way. I don’t really try to be perfect though but I do think I fall short in some areas. But thank you :) I hope I can find those things in the hopefully near future.
